spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research or experimentation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for scientific research or experimentation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or analyzing substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or recording data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for manipulating or altering substances in experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or containing substances during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for generating or producing energy in experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or simulating specific conditions in experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for separating or isolating components in experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protective purposes in experiments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body for protection during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the eyes during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the body or clothing during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used to protect the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a lab coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the feet during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the head during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect the head during certain experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety helmet or hard hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against chemical exposure during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against impacts or falling objects during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against biological hazards during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against electrical hazards during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against heat or fire during experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against radiation during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect against radiation.	Guesser said: Is the object a lead apron or lead shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation protection hood or helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dosimeter or radiation badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation protection suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation protection face shield or mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation protection cap or head cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Geiger counter or radiation detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shield the head from radiation during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to shield the head from radiation.	Guesser said: Is the object a lead-lined helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding hood or scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding hooded cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding balaclava?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiation shielding hooded vest?	Oracle said: No.
underwear,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or washing the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming or maintaining appearance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for oral care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skincare or moisturizing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hair care or styling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaving or hair removal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for nail care or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or stress relief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or controlling body odor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for menstrual care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying or removing makeup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dental hygiene or care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of hygiene or sanitation other than those related to the body, such as household cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for foot care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal hygiene or sanitation related to clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ironing or removing wrinkles from clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or removing stains from clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting clothing or fabrics from damage or wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for refreshing or deodorizing clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repairing or mending clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for altering or adjusting the fit of clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying or removing lint or fuzz from clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for folding or organizing clothing or fabrics in a specific way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for labeling or identifying clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying or maintaining the condition of shoes or footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying or removing creases or folds in clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sanitizing or disinfecting clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for altering the color or appearance of clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for attaching or removing labels or tags from clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying or maintaining the condition of clothing or fabrics in any specific way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for removing or managing static from clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or transporting clothing or fabrics in a specific way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal hygiene or sanitation related to clothing or fabrics that involves heat or temperature control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying or removing adhesives or sticky substances from clothing or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal hygiene or sanitation related to clothing or fabrics that involves fragrance or scent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal hygiene or sanitation related to clothing or fabrics that involves water or moisture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal hygiene or sanitation related to clothing or fabrics that involves mechanical action or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal hygiene or sanitation related to clothing or fabrics that involves protection or covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting clothing or fabrics from environmental elements like dust or moisture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting clothing or fabrics during storage or travel?	Oracle said: No.
hinge,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or leveling during construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or joining materials together in construction?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used for joining materials together.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining materials in a permanent way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining materials in a temporary or adjustable way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining materials in a semi-permanent way, where it can be removed but not easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in woodworking or carpentry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining pieces of wood together by being driven into the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining pieces of wood together by being applied to the surface of the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining pieces of wood together by fitting into pre-made slots or holes in the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining pieces of wood together by wrapping or enclosing around the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining pieces of wood together by using a mechanical fastener that holds them in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of screw or bolt used in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracket or plate used in woodworking to hold pieces together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clamp used in woodworking to hold pieces together while they are being worked on or assembled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dowel or peg used in woodworking to align and join pieces together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of adhesive or glue used in woodworking to bond pieces together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of joinery tool or accessory used in woodworking to connect pieces without traditional fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a biscuit joiner used in woodworking to create slots for biscuits that connect pieces of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pocket hole jig used in woodworking to create angled holes for screws to connect pieces of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of doweling jig used in woodworking to ensure precise alignment of dowels for joining pieces of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mortise and tenon jig used in woodworking to create mortise and tenon joints for connecting pieces of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spline used in woodworking to reinforce joints between pieces of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of connector or fastener used in woodworking that involves interlocking parts, such as a dovetail joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of joinery system that uses metal connectors to hold pieces of wood together, such as a knock-down fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dowel pin used in woodworking to align and hold pieces of wood together temporarily during assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of domino used in woodworking to join pieces of wood together with precision and strength?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood joint that uses interlocking shapes cut into the wood, such as a box joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of joinery tool that creates slots or grooves in wood for joining, such as a slot cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dowel jig used to create precise holes for dowels in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tenon cutter used to create tenons for mortise and tenon joints in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jig or fixture used to hold wood in place while creating specific types of joints?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of biscuit used in woodworking to align and join pieces of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spline used to reinforce joints in woodworking by fitting into grooves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dowel center used to mark the alignment of dowel holes in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of metal fastener used in woodworking that involves some form of locking mechanism, such as a cam lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wooden joint used in woodworking that involves overlapping pieces, such as a lap joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of joinery tool that involves cutting interlocking parts directly into the wood, such as a dovetail saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dowel screw used in woodworking to connect two pieces of wood together by threading into both?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hinge used in woodworking to allow movement between two pieces of wood while keeping them connected?	Correct
barbell,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in outdoor activities or sports?	Oracle said: The object is used in sports.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves running or walking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves striking or hitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves aiming or precision?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves balance or agility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves strength or resistance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in weightlifting or bodybuilding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add resistance or weight during exercises?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly used in transportation infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or guide vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to separate lanes or direct traffic flow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide a surface for vehicles to travel on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of roads or highways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide durability and strength to the road surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a binding agent in road construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object asphalt?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or work setting for protection?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a professional or work setting for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used in environments with hazardous materials or conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against environmental elements like weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against rain?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect against rain.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the head from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the feet from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shield against rain without being worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the entire body from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against wind in addition to rain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the torso from rain and wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterproof vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or outdoor activities for protection against rain and wind?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for protection against rain and wind.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterproof jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in combination with other clothing items for enhanced protection against rain and wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the upper body specifically during cycling or running activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the upper body during hiking or camping activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect the upper body during hiking or camping activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a softshell jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as an outer layer in a layering system for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hardshell jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in cold weather conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a down jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide insulation in addition to protection from rain and wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for layering under a waterproof shell for added warmth and protection?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for layering under a waterproof shell for added warmth and protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a fleece jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a synthetic insulated jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a mid-layer for warmth during outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal base layer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puffer jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a softshell vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilted jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windproof fleece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.
brochure,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for electronic communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for written communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication in a personal or private setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication during presentations or meetings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication on desks or workstations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication on walls or boards in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written communication in printed form, such as documents or reports, in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or holding printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a folder used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail cart used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pneumatic tube system used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document folder used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a courier bag used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document sorter used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document scanner used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document holder used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document sleeve used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document stand used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document rack used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document organizer used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document case used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document folder used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document wallet used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document tube used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document tray used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a presentation folder used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document pouch used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document sleeve used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document carrier used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portfolio used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satchel used for distributing printed documents or reports in a business or professional setting?	Oracle said: No.
armoire,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing documents or papers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing food items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe or closet?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of wardrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object an armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against environmental elements, like weather or temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body for protection against environmental elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically used to protect the head from environmental elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically used to protect the feet from environmental elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically used to protect the hands from environmental elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically used to protect the body or torso from environmental elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in cold weather conditions for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Correct
gauze,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene, such as bathing or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces or objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene in a specific environment, such as a bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for maintaining hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing waste or disposal in a specific environment, such as a bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or preventing the spread of germs or bacteria in a specific environment, such as a bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for controlling or preventing the spread of germs or bacteria.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sanitizing or disinfecting hands or surfaces in a specific environment, such as a bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for filtering or purifying air or water in a specific environment, such as a bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing or containing moisture in a specific environment, such as a bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for absorbing moisture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a bathroom environment, such as a bath mat or towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a kitchen environment, such as a dish drying mat or sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a general household environment, such as a dehumidifier or moisture absorber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a specific environment other than a bathroom or kitchen, such as a closet or storage area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in an industrial or commercial environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a specific outdoor environment, such as a garden or patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a specific environment related to personal items, such as shoes or clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a specific environment related to electronics or technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture in a medical or healthcare environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for absorbing moisture during medical procedures or surgeries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical sponge or gauze used during medical procedures to absorb moisture?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: The object is used for preparing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooking food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or blending food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or washing food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object used for peeling or removing the outer layer of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying food or kitchen items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying hands or surfaces in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen towel or dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical or health-related purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for illumination or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or timekeeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic or creative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for artistic or creative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: It can be used for sports or physical activities, but it is not specifically designed for them.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor activities or recreation?	Oracle said: It can be used for outdoor activities or recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for support or stability?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying or transporting items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for carrying or transporting items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing warmth or insulation?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for providing warmth or insulation.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is wearable.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cold weather conditions?	Oracle said: It can be used in cold weather conditions, but it is not specifically designed for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used during sleep or rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports like skiing or snowboarding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against environmental elements like wind or rain?	Oracle said: It can be, depending on the material and design.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering or enclosing a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for athletic or casual wear?	Oracle said: The object is used for casual wear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweater or sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt or t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pullover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jumpsuit or romper?	Correct
gargoyle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in celebrations or special occasions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in landscaping or outdoor beautification?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the appearance of gardens or lawns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden gnome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide lighting in gardens or lawns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a decorative border or edging in gardens or lawns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a focal point or centerpiece in gardens or lawns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of garden statue or sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdbath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support climbing plants or vines in gardens or lawns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden bench or seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a topiary or shaped plant sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden arch or arbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden obelisk or column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden pagoda or lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden trellis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden urn or planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden windmill or pinwheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden water feature, like a pond or waterfall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden gazebo or pavilion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden bell or chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden mirror or reflective surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden mosaic or mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden totem or pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden rock or boulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden globe or orb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden animal or creature sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden frog sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden bird sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden cat sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden dog sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden turtle sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden rabbit sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden deer sculpture?	Oracle said: No.
textbook,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demonstrating or illustrating concepts?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for demonstrating or illustrating concepts.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a classroom setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visualizing or displaying information?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used for displaying information.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard or chalkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with electronic devices or technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or sorting information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or storing educational materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf or bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying educational materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying educational materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulletin board or notice board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying maps or charts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying information in a three-dimensional form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying information in a printed or paper format?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying educational materials in a bound format?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Indirectly, yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with another transportation vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or repair of transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection in transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or direction in transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for loading or unloading transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fueling or refueling transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure in transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing or fastening items in transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for connecting or attaching parts of transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining cleanliness in transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or managing the movement of transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for steering transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling the speed of transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for controlling the speed of certain types of transportation vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling the speed of water-based transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a throttle lever used in boats or ships?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling the speed of personal watercraft, like jet skis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling the speed of sailboats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail used on sailboats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a sail used on sailboats.	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agriculture or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for energy generation or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of artistic or creative activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of hunting or fishing activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing or trapping animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing specifically?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for catching fish by luring them?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for catching fish by trapping them?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for catching fish by netting them?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for catching fish by spearing them?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional spear used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for underwater fishing activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon used for underwater fishing?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for decorative or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or beauty purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooling purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used for heating purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or baking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing warmth or comfort?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing warmth or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with furniture or bedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating spaces or rooms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating liquids or substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor activities or environments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for outdoor activities or environments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing warmth during outdoor activities or environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or wearable item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat or headwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove or handwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear or socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf or neckwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal underwear or base layer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blanket or wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated pad or heated clothing accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poncho or rain gear with insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of balaclava or face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaiter or leg warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hand warmer or pocket warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal blanket or emergency blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heating element or device used in outdoor clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal or insulated pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal or insulated suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal mittens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal cap or beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal balaclava?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heated or thermal vest?	Oracle said: No.
tiara,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any way to enhance the appearance of a space or environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal adornment or to enhance personal appearance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the fingers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or secure clothing or accessories in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to adorn or enhance the appearance of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance or adorn the appearance of hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairpin or hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold hair in place or style it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairband or headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara or crown?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic or creative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for artistic or creative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating music or sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sculpting or shaping materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for photography or capturing images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic enhancement?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for decoration or aesthetic enhancement.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for textile or fabric creation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or displaying items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal adornment or fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or maintaining structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ceremonies or rituals?	Oracle said: It can be used for ceremonies or rituals.	Guesser said: Is the object used for religious or spiritual purposes?	Oracle said: It can be, but it is not primarily used for religious or spiritual purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commemorative or memorial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking or indicating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for performance or theatrical purposes?	Oracle said: It can be used for performance or theatrical purposes, but that is not its primary use.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating visual effects or illusions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display images or videos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling or indicating something visually?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in traffic or transportation systems for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in emergency or safety situations for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or games for signaling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by referees or officials during sports events for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by players during sports or games for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by spectators or audiences during sports or games for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as part of the equipment or infrastructure in sports or games for signaling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific sport or game for signaling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a net or goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves physical combat or martial arts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves aiming or shooting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves strategic board placement or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves cards or card-like items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a court or field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a track or course?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves flying or aerial elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves scoring points without physical contact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves timing or measuring time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves judging or scoring based on performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves physical dexterity or agility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves chance or randomness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves teamwork or collaboration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves individual performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a specific playing surface or area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves an audience or spectators?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves puzzles or problem-solving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves scoring or keeping track of progress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves an electronic or digital component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves an outdoor environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a specific indoor environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a specific type of equipment or gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves an element of surprise or unexpected outcomes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a specific set of rules or guidelines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves physical strength or endurance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves some form of artistic expression or creativity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves any form of measurement or quantification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves a specific type of board or playing surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game that involves an element of competition?	Oracle said: No.
train,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people through the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people on railways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people across multiple countries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people in a luxurious manner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people primarily for economic or practical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in personal protective equipment (PPE)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or surveillance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a residential setting for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to detect or alert people to potential dangers in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to physically prevent access or entry in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against environmental hazards in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect individuals from physical harm in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect property or belongings in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety during household activities or tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fire safety in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against electrical hazards in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent accidents or injuries in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to maintain privacy in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against pests or insects in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide structural safety or support in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure water safety or prevent water-related hazards in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent falls or slips in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against weather-related hazards in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure child safety in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure pet safety in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in the kitchen in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in the bathroom in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in the living room in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in the bedroom in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in the garage or storage areas in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in outdoor areas of a residential setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against sun exposure in outdoor areas of a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent falls or slips in outdoor areas of a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against weather-related hazards in outdoor areas of a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety around water features or pools in outdoor areas of a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against pests or animals in outdoor areas of a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety during outdoor activities or tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide lighting for safety during outdoor activities or tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide stability or support during outdoor activities or tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect individuals from physical harm during outdoor activities or tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect tools or equipment during outdoor activities or tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide a barrier or boundary during outdoor activities or tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety when using outdoor equipment or machinery in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety during outdoor sports or recreational activities in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety during outdoor gardening or landscaping tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety during outdoor cooking or grilling in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety during outdoor cleaning or maintenance tasks in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.
incubator,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or analyzing substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for diagnosing medical conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for treating or managing medical conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for administering medication or therapy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for supporting or stabilizing the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surgical procedures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking health conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing physical therapy or rehabilitation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sterilization or disinfection purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing medical imaging or visualization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for assisting with mobility or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing life support or sustaining life functions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for assisting with breathing or respiratory functions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing nutritional support or hydration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for regulating heart functions or circulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing renal support or dialysis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining body temperature or thermal regulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a hospital or clinical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warming patients during surgery or recovery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooling patients to prevent overheating or manage fever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both warming and cooling patients to maintain a stable body temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing localized heat to specific areas of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining a sterile environment in relation to body temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of incubator used in neonatal care to maintain a sterile environment and regulate body temperature?	Oracle said: Correct.
lever,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic or creative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research or experimentation?	Oracle said: It can be used for scientific research or experimentation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for energy generation or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or analyzing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for producing sound or music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or providing light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or location tracking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or joining things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific analysis or data collection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or beauty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific experimentation in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: It can be used in a laboratory setting, but it is not primarily associated with scientific experimentation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical support or structural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of testing or calibration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of physical manipulation or movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or carrying items?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for lifting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with ropes or cables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving heavy objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lever or fulcrum device?	Correct
yacht,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting people over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people through the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people in large groups?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for competitive sports or activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for competitive sports or activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigating or racing on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat used for sailing or rowing?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of boat used for sailing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for windsurfing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for racing in competitive sailing events?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for racing in competitive sailing events.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht used for racing?	Correct
cannon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for protection or safety.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for generating or providing energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agriculture or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing or recording information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or heating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing items together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation of liquids or gases?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for timekeeping or tracking time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or orientation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for producing sound or music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or regulating temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal identification or security access?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or joining materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing or creating light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for art or artistic creation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing support or stability?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of processing or manufacturing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of signaling or alerting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of fastening or holding items in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of transformation or conversion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of connection or linking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of physical or mechanical manipulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping or forming materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping or holding items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of separation or dividing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for separation or dividing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of fastening or attachment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of physical or mechanical manipulation that involves altering the state or position of an object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for rotating or spinning objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for bending or flexing objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for compressing or squeezing objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for pulling or drawing objects towards something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for pushing or propelling objects away?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching or shooting objects?	Oracle said: Yes.
radio,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or recording information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for amplifying sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in live performances or public speaking events?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in live performances or public speaking events.	Guesser said: Is the object used to project sound over a large area?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to project sound over a large area.	Guesser said: Is the object used to convert electrical signals into sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loudspeaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to capture and transmit sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance or modify sound quality?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct sound in a specific direction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to amplify a person's voice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other devices to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transmit sound wirelessly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to receive and play audio from a remote source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to receive audio signals and convert them into sound without the need for physical media?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical exercise or sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or experiencing visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or experiencing auditory content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for solving puzzles or challenges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for role-playing or imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other objects or accessories for play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for constructing or assembling during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dressing up or wearing as part of play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or interacting with virtual environments or characters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or telling stories during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for acting out scenarios or scenes during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dollhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for manipulating figures or models during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for directing or guiding the flow of a story during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for simulating real-life scenarios or environments during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for facilitating group play or interaction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storytelling or narrative creation in a group setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for collaborative role-playing or interactive scenarios?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for collaborative role-playing or interactive scenarios.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of action figures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enacting fantasy or fictional scenarios during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a role-playing game (RPG) set or kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or managing fictional characters during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing or setting the scene for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a play mat or play rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or depicting environments or settings during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing or facilitating storytelling during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of story dice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or structuring narrative elements during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing prompts or inspiration for storytelling during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illustrating or visualizing story elements during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for facilitating dialogue or character interaction during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for encouraging or guiding character development during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for role-playing in a theatrical or dramatic context during play?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for role-playing in a theatrical or dramatic context during play.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of theatrical masks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for facilitating improvisational play or scenarios?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for guiding or structuring improvisational activities during play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing or adding depth to role-playing scenarios during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing structure or guidance in role-playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating ambiance or atmosphere during role-playing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for facilitating character interaction or dialogue in role-playing activities?	Oracle said: No.
streetcar,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over long distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people within a city or town?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transporting multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used as part of a public transportation system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transporting people along a fixed route?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people on tracks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tram or streetcar?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or recording information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for auditory communication, such as producing or transmitting sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication, such as displaying or signaling information?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for visual communication or signaling information.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with electronic devices for visual communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display images or videos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to convey information through light signals or indicators?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to convey information through light signals.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of LED indicator or light used in electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in safety or emergency signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in entertainment or decorative settings for visual effects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with electronic devices to create ambient lighting or mood effects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in stage or theatrical productions for visual effects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spotlight or stage light used to enhance performances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create special effects, such as fog or smoke, in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to project images or patterns onto surfaces in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gobo, used in lighting fixtures to project shapes or patterns onto surfaces in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of projector used to display images or patterns in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate light or shadows in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scrim or fabric used to create shadow effects or manipulate light in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lens or filter used to alter the appearance of light in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create silhouette effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a color gel or filter used to change the color of light in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of prism or diffraction grating used to create color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create dynamic or moving color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a color wheel used to create dynamic or moving color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting fixture or device that uses rotating elements to create dynamic color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to reflect or refract light to create dynamic color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to scatter or diffuse light to create dynamic color effects in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to change the color of light through a mechanical or electronic process in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create dynamic color effects by using a combination of different colored lights in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create dynamic color effects by using a rotating or moving element that interacts with light in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create dynamic color effects by altering the wavelength or frequency of light in stage or theatrical productions?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to create dynamic color effects in stage or theatrical productions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of laser used to create dynamic color effects by altering the wavelength or frequency of light in stage or theatrical productions?	Correct
taillight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for emergency or rescue operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or repair activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research or exploration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military or defense purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or performance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal mobility or movement assistance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting liquids or gases?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or guiding purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or sanitation purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting information or data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moving or positioning other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for testing or measuring purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for facilitating or assisting in transportation processes, such as traffic management or toll collection?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for facilitating or assisting in transportation processes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or directing traffic flow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for toll collection or payment processing in transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or surveillance in transportation systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling or indicating information to drivers or vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light or signal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating road conditions or hazards to drivers?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to indicate hazards to drivers.	Guesser said: Is the object a road sign or warning sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temporary or movable indications of hazards, such as cones or barriers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking or delineating lanes or boundaries on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing visual cues or guidance to drivers in low visibility conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reflective road marker or cat's eye?	Oracle said: No, it is not a reflective road marker or cat's eye.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illuminating roadways or pathways to assist drivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing auditory cues or alerts to drivers in certain conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing tactile feedback or alerts to drivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing electronic or digital information to drivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing physical barriers or structures to guide or protect drivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing visual signals or warnings through light or color changes to drivers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning beacon or hazard light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating temporary road conditions or changes to drivers through visual signals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing visual signals to indicate the presence of a train or railway crossing to drivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating the presence of a vehicle or obstacle on the road to drivers through visual signals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle hazard warning triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating the presence of a stationary or slow-moving vehicle on the road to drivers through visual signals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow-moving vehicle emblem or reflective triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating the presence of a stationary vehicle on the road to drivers through flashing lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating the presence of a slow-moving vehicle on the road to drivers through a specific type of light or signal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amber rotating or flashing beacon light used on slow-moving vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating the presence of a slow-moving vehicle on the road to drivers through a specific type of flag or banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating the presence of a slow-moving vehicle on the road to drivers through a specific type of light pattern or sequence?	Oracle said: No.
snowmobile,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on rough or uneven terrain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by human effort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for off-road adventures or activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exploring natural environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an all-terrain vehicle (ATV)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for traversing snow or icy terrains?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or recording information?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for recording information.	Guesser said: Is the object used for electronic communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for real-time communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for video conferencing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a webcam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying video during a conference?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for displaying video during a conference.	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor or screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for projecting images or video onto a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio communication during a video conference?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outputting sound during a video conference?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both inputting and outputting audio during a video conference?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone used for video conferencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing audio quality during a video conference?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device that combines both microphone and speaker functions for video conferencing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a conference call speakerphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart speaker with video conferencing capabilities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video conferencing system that includes both microphone and speaker functions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earbuds or earphones with a built-in microphone for video conferencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop or computer with built-in microphone and speaker for video conferencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet with built-in microphone and speaker for video conferencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone with built-in microphone and speaker for video conferencing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for air travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting large numbers of people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for international travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting cargo in addition to people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by airlines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scheduled flights?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a passenger jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both passenger and cargo transport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airliner designed for both passengers and cargo, like a combi aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for transporting goods with the capability to transport people as well?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo aircraft that can also accommodate a small number of passengers, like a freighter with limited passenger seating?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of cargo aircraft, such as a converted passenger plane used primarily for freight but capable of carrying some passengers?	Correct
limousine,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting people over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object used for air travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for family or personal travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods as well as people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for commercial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the tourism industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for guided tours or sightseeing?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for guided tours or sightseeing.	Guesser said: Is the object a tour bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sightseeing in specific areas like parks or historical sites?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for sightseeing in specific areas like parks or historical sites.	Guesser said: Is the object a tram or trolley used for tours in parks or historical sites?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for off-road sightseeing or tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sightseeing in urban environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an open-top sightseeing bus used in urban environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sightseeing in urban environments with a unique or novel mode of transport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Segway used for urban sightseeing tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedicab or rickshaw used for urban sightseeing tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn carriage used for urban sightseeing tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle or e-bike used for urban sightseeing tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sightseeing train or tram used in urban environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a unique vehicle like a duck boat used for urban sightseeing tours?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a unique vehicle like a duck boat used for urban sightseeing tours.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sightseeing in urban environments with a motorized vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine used for urban sightseeing tours?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measuring.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring distance or length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in medical settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in industrial or scientific settings?	Oracle said: The object can be used in industrial settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring temperature in HVAC systems?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting people.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for long-distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for commercial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: It can be used for military purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying a large number of passengers?	Oracle said: Not typically.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting cargo?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object used for specialized tasks, such as surveillance or reconnaissance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drone or unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching or deploying other objects or vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching spacecraft or satellites?	Correct
videotape,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watching visual content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for projecting images or videos onto a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying images or videos on a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for viewing images or videos without a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with another device to enhance the viewing experience of visual content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve the sound quality of visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the visual quality or experience of visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control or navigate through visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store visual content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of external storage device like a hard drive or USB drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store visual content in a physical format, like a disc or tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for entertainment or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing a sport or physical game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watching or displaying visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or engaging with puzzles or brainteasers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or interacting with written content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to or producing sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for listening to sound.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal audio experiences, like headphones or earbuds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for amplifying or projecting sound to a larger audience, like a speaker or sound system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a public address system or for broadcasting sound in large venues?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home audio system for enhancing sound quality or volume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a vehicle for audio purposes, like a car audio system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor events or activities to project sound, like a portable PA system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in musical performances to amplify sound, like an amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a theater or cinema setting to enhance audio experience?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in personal or small group settings to project sound, like a Bluetooth speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sound recording or capturing audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for producing sound effects or altering sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a musical instrument to enhance or modify its sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to radio broadcasts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or experiencing surround sound environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to recorded music or audio content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player or turntable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital music player, like an MP3 player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for streaming audio content, like a smart speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing audio content stored on physical media?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD or Blu-ray disc used for audio content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an 8-track tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reel-to-reel tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a miniDisc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phonograph cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a specific type of player to access the audio content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a LaserDisc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floppy disk used for storing audio content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a USB drive used for storing audio content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing audio content in a format that requires a specific player to access it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing audio content from a physical medium that is not commonly used today?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Betamax tape used for audio content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a DAT (Digital Audio Tape)?	Oracle said: No.
seismograph,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for scientific purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or analyzing data?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a laboratory setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or magnifying small objects or details?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooling substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for separating or purifying substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for detecting or identifying substances or materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for detecting or identifying substances or materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording or documenting data?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing images or video?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or taking notes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording or storing electronic data?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for recording data.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording audio data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording temperature data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording time or timing data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording environmental data?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording atmospheric pressure data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording humidity data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording seismic or geological data?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seismograph?	Oracle said: Correct.