furniture,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or activity.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a household setting.	Guesser said: Does the object assist with cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object does not assist with cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in a specific room of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing or personal items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store clothing or personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser or wardrobe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dresser or wardrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store smaller items like accessories or jewelry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to store smaller items like accessories or jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store bedding or linens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store bedding or linens.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store shoes or footwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store shoes or footwear.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store books or reading materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store books or reading materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf or bookcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bookshelf or bookcase.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store books in a way that makes them easily accessible, like a nightstand or bedside table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to store books.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items under the bed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store or organize items under the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items in a closet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to store or organize items in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items on a desk or table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to store or organize items on a desk or table.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items in a specific area of the bedroom, such as near the bed or a specific corner?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store or organize items in a specific area of the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage ottoman or bench?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage ottoman or bench.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items in a way that is also decorative or adds to the room's aesthetics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store or organize items and often adds to the room's aesthetics.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative storage box or chest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative storage box or chest.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items in a way that involves hanging or displaying them?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for hanging or displaying items.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand or bedside table with storage features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a nightstand or bedside table with storage features.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items in a way that involves compartmentalization or sectioning?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store or organize items and may involve compartmentalization or sectioning.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage trunk or a storage cube unit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage trunk or a storage cube unit.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items in a way that involves drawers or pull-out sections?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store or organize items and may involve drawers or pull-out sections.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage cabinet or chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage cabinet or chest of drawers.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bed with built-in drawers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage bed with built-in drawers.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bench with drawers or compartments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage bench with drawers or compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage ottoman with compartments or drawers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage ottoman with compartments or drawers.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser valet or a similar organizer with drawers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dresser valet or a similar organizer with drawers.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedside caddy or organizer with pockets or sections?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedside caddy or organizer with pockets or sections.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage unit specifically designed for organizing and storing items in a bedroom, such as a modular storage system or cube organizer with drawers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage unit specifically designed for organizing and storing items in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture that combines seating and storage, like a window seat with built-in storage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a piece of furniture that combines seating and storage like a window seat with built-in storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry armoire or a similar piece of furniture with drawers specifically for organizing and storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a jewelry armoire or a similar piece of furniture with drawers specifically for organizing and storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand with built-in charging or tech organization features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a nightstand with built-in charging or tech organization features.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet or similar storage unit used for organizing documents or papers in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a filing cabinet or similar storage unit.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage unit that is specifically designed for organizing and storing toys or children's items in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically designed for organizing and storing toys or children's items.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet organizer with drawers or compartments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a closet organizer with drawers or compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser drawer organizer or divider used to section off items within a dresser?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dresser drawer organizer or divider.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedside organizer with built-in drawers or compartments for storing items like books or personal belongings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedside organizer with built-in drawers or compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage unit that is often used to organize and store miscellaneous items in a bedroom, such as a chest or trunk with compartments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage unit like a chest or trunk.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-functional piece of furniture with storage capabilities, like a bed frame with drawers or a storage headboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a multi-functional piece of furniture with storage capabilities.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage box or bin with compartments that can be placed on a shelf or in a closet for organizing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage box or bin with compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer unit that is part of a larger piece of furniture, like a vanity or desk with drawers for organizing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drawer unit that is part of a larger piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage basket or bin with compartments that can be used for organizing items in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage basket or bin with compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage cube or modular unit with drawers or compartments for organizing items in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage cube or modular unit with drawers or compartments.
garment,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object can be used both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for leisure or work-related activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for both leisure and work-related activities.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to health or fitness?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in activities related to health or fitness.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercises that involve lifting or resistance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for exercises involving lifting or resistance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for activities that involve balance or stability?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically used for activities that involve balance or stability.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve stretching or flexibility?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities that involve stretching or flexibility.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in yoga or pilates?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in yoga or pilates.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve relaxation or stress relief?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities that involve relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for massage or self-massage purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for massage or self-massage purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in meditation or mindfulness practices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used in meditation or mindfulness practices.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve improving posture or alignment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for activities that involve improving posture or alignment.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water-related activities or exercises?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for water-related activities or exercises.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve breathing exercises or techniques?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically used for activities involving breathing exercises or techniques.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve warming up or cooling down the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities that involve warming up the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used to aid in stretching routines before physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to aid in stretching routines before physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide comfort or support during physical activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can provide comfort during physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat or cushion used for sitting or lying on during activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of mat or cushion.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance or facilitate certain movements during physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to enhance or facilitate movements during physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used to maintain or regulate body temperature during physical activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to help regulate body temperature during physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory worn during physical activities to manage body temperature?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing specifically designed to wick away moisture and keep the body cool during physical activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to wick away moisture and keep the body cool during physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of moisture-wicking athletic socks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of moisture-wicking athletic socks.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic headband?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic headband.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic hat or cap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic hat or cap.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic shorts or pants?	Oracle said: No, the object is not moisture-wicking athletic shorts or pants.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic undergarment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic undergarment.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic jacket or outerwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic jacket or outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic arm or leg sleeve?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic arm or leg sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic wristband?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic wristband.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic bandana or neck gaiter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic bandana or neck gaiter.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic glove?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic glove.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic scarf or wrap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic scarf or wrap.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic face mask?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic face mask.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic shoe or insole?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic shoe or insole.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic bra?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic bra.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic compression garment?	Oracle said: No, it is not a moisture-wicking athletic compression garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic belt or waistband?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic belt or waistband.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic headscarf or turban?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic headscarf or turban.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic sleeve for a water bottle or container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic sleeve for a water bottle or container.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic visor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic visor.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic band or strap, such as for a watch or fitness tracker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic band or strap.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic sleeve for electronic devices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic sleeve for electronic devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic sock liner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic sock liner.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic sports bra?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic sports bra.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic towel or cloth specifically designed for wiping sweat during physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic towel or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisture-wicking athletic balaclava?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moisture-wicking athletic balaclava.
syringe,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for work or productivity purposes, particularly in medical and scientific fields.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or analyzing data?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for measuring or analyzing data.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or documentation purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or documentation purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for conducting experiments or research?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for conducting experiments or research.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing substances during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for holding or containing substances during experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object a test tube?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a test tube.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating substances during experiments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for heating substances during experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or stirring substances during experiments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for mixing or stirring substances during experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for separating substances during experiments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for separating substances during experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or preserving substances during experiments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing or preserving substances during experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or examining substances during experiments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for observing or examining substances during experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transferring or dispensing substances during experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transferring or dispensing substances.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipette?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pipette.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transferring liquids in small, precise amounts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transferring liquids in small, precise amounts.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct.
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in a household setting.	Guesser said: Does the object assist with cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object does not assist with cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or information purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing comfort or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of creative or artistic activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for creative or artistic activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of health or wellness purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for health or wellness purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of educational or learning activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for educational or learning activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of construction or repair task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in construction tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or marking during construction tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or marking during construction tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or joining materials together in construction tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for fastening or joining materials together in construction tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of adhesive or bonding agent?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of adhesive or bonding agent.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for driving fasteners, such as nails or screws, into materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tool used for driving fasteners.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or securing materials in place during construction tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for holding or securing materials in place during construction tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener itself, like a nail, screw, or bolt?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw, used for fastening materials together by being driven into them with a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a screw.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail, used for fastening materials together by being driven into them with a hammer?	Oracle said: The object is a type of nail, but it is not primarily used for fastening materials together.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for decorative purposes, such as a finishing nail or brad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for hanging or suspending items, such as a picture hanging nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for hanging or suspending items like a picture hanging nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for securing electrical cables or wires, such as a cable staple or clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for securing electrical cables or wires.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in flooring or carpentry, such as a flooring cleat or a specialized nail for subflooring?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used specifically in flooring or carpentry like a flooring cleat or a specialized nail for subflooring.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in construction for a specific purpose other than fastening, such as a masonry nail or a concrete nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in construction for a specific purpose like masonry or concrete nails.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in construction for temporary purposes, such as a formwork nail or a temporary brace nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for temporary purposes in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in roofing, such as a roofing nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in roofing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in upholstery or furniture making, such as a tacking nail or upholstery nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in upholstery or furniture making.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a specific construction trade, such as a framing nail or a siding nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in a specific construction trade like a framing nail or a siding nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for securing or installing a specific household feature, such as a carpet tack or similar?	Oracle said: The object is a type of nail, but it is not specifically used for securing or installing household features like a carpet tack.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a specific type of construction material, such as drywall nails?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in a specific type of construction material like drywall nails.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in landscaping or outdoor construction, such as a landscape spike or garden nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in landscaping or outdoor construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in securing or installing insulation or similar materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for securing or installing insulation or similar materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a specific type of construction application, such as a trim nail or finishing nail, but with a unique function?	Oracle said: The object is a type of nail, but it is not specifically used for construction applications like a trim nail or finishing nail. It has a unique function in a more figurative sense.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a symbolic or ceremonial context, such as a ceremonial nail or something used in traditional practices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a symbolic or ceremonial context.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a medical or veterinary context, such as a nail used in bone surgery or similar procedures?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a medical or veterinary context.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a musical instrument or related to music in some way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to music or a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a scientific or experimental context, perhaps for holding or manipulating materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a scientific or experimental context.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that serves a unique purpose in a specific hobby or craft, such as model building or a similar activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used specifically for a hobby or craft like model building.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a specific type of sporting equipment or activity, such as in track spikes or similar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in sporting equipment or activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a unique or unconventional application that is not typically associated with construction or traditional uses?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of nail that is used in a unique or unconventional application, not typically associated with construction or traditional uses.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in the fashion industry, such as for attaching tags or labels to clothing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in the fashion industry.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a specific type of packaging or shipping application, such as for securing crates or pallets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in packaging or shipping applications.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a game or puzzle, such as a horseshoe nail puzzle or a similar activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in a game or puzzle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a medical or dental context, such as for securing prosthetics or dental work?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a medical or dental context.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a specific type of art or display, such as for mounting or showcasing items in a gallery or exhibition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for mounting or showcasing items in a gallery or exhibition.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in a unique application related to transportation or vehicles, such as in tire repair or similar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to transportation or vehicles.
fedora,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is used primarily both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or work-related context?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a professional or work-related context, especially as part of formal or business attire.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to hold or carry items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to hold or carry items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance or complement an outfit?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to complement an outfit.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with formal events or occasions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often associated with formal events or occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of neckwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of neckwear.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the hands or arms?	Oracle said: No, the object is not worn on the hands or arms.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat or headwear used for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of hat that can be used for formal occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a top hat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a top hat.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly used in various rooms or areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors or surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning floors.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove dust and debris from floors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to remove dust and debris from floors.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vacuum cleaner.	Guesser said: Is the object used manually without electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used manually without electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: Correct.
linen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or information purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object something you sit or lie on?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something you sit or lie on.	Guesser said: Is the object used to regulate temperature or air quality?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to regulate temperature or air quality.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or ambiance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for lighting or ambiance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing support or cushioning?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for providing support or cushioning.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for covering.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a person or part of a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to cover a person or part of a person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used during sleep or rest?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used during sleep or rest.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the eyes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cover the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the body for warmth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to cover the body for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the head or face?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to cover the head or face.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the body for modesty or privacy?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for modesty or privacy.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a robe.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a bathroom setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in a bedroom setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedsheet.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a person for modesty or privacy while changing clothes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for modesty or privacy while changing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a person while sleeping, but not for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to cover a person while sleeping, but it is not primarily for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep mask.	Guesser said: Is the object a mosquito net?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mosquito net.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a top sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a top sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a comforter.	Guesser said: Is the object a coverlet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a coverlet.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a quilt.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pillowcase.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress protector.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep sack or sleeping bag liner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep sack or sleeping bag liner.	Guesser said: Is the object a privacy curtain or bed curtain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a privacy curtain or bed curtain.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a throw.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed skirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleeping bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep pod or cocoon?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep pod or cocoon.	Guesser said: Is the object a weighted blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a weighted blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping cap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleeping cap.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep sack for adults?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep sack for adults.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed tent?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed tent.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet used for decorative purposes, like a decorative sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a decorative sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fitted sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping mat or pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleeping mat or pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet.
earplug,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for productivity purposes, particularly in environments where reducing noise is beneficial.	Guesser said: Is the object used to reduce noise in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to reduce noise in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a quieter environment by absorbing sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to create a quieter environment by reducing or blocking out sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soundproofing panel or acoustic panel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of soundproofing panel or acoustic panel.	Guesser said: Is the object something that individuals wear or use personally to reduce noise?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something individuals use personally to reduce noise.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of noise-canceling headphones or earplugs?	Oracle said: The object is earplugs. Correct.
bench,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water-related activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in water-related activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sports or physical exercise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sports or physical exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used in landscaping settings, but it is not specifically for gardening purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing light or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing light or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for seating.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outdoor chair or bench?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of outdoor bench.	Guesser said: Is the object a park bench?	Oracle said: Correct.
carafe,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is used primarily indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in a kitchen setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for preparing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep beverages at a specific temperature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to keep beverages at a specific temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to serve beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve a specific type of beverage?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often used to serve beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve hot beverages?	Oracle said: It can be used to serve hot beverages, but it is not limited to that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve both hot and cold beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to serve both hot and cold beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher or jug used for serving beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is similar to a pitcher or jug used for serving beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe used for serving beverages?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities or sports?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational activities or sports.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for gardening or landscaping purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or signaling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or signaling.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or artistic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or artistic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or monitoring something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or monitoring something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of work or task completion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for work or task completion.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or leisure?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be associated with relaxation or leisure, especially in warm weather.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing shade or shelter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing shade or shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object used for water-related activities or enjoyment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for water-related activities or enjoyment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sitting or lying down.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or enhancing an outdoor atmosphere?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for creating or enhancing an outdoor atmosphere.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing or interacting with others?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for playing or interacting with others.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or enjoying nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for observing or enjoying nature.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal comfort or convenience in outdoor settings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for personal comfort in outdoor settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temperature regulation or cooling?	Oracle said: It can be used for comfort in warm weather, but its primary purpose is not temperature regulation or cooling.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor dining or beverage consumption?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor dining or beverage consumption.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene in outdoor settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene in outdoor settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from insects or pests?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protection from insects or pests.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing light or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing light or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or leisure by providing auditory enjoyment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for auditory enjoyment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing comfort through physical support or cushioning?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing comfort through physical support or cushioning.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing visual enjoyment or aesthetics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can provide visual enjoyment and is often chosen for its aesthetic appeal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes in outdoor settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for decorative purposes in outdoor settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing the ambiance or mood in outdoor settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing the ambiance or mood in outdoor settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or enjoying celestial events or phenomena?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for observing or enjoying celestial events or phenomena.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing visual enjoyment through movement or interaction with natural elements like wind?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can provide visual enjoyment, especially when it interacts with natural elements like wind.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind chime?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind chime.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual enjoyment by moving or changing shape in the wind?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be visually enjoyed as it moves or changes shape in the wind.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kite.	Guesser said: Is the object a windsock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a windsock.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag or banner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flag or banner.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinwheel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pinwheel.	Guesser said: Is the object a windsail or spinnaker used for visual enjoyment in the wind?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a windsail or spinnaker.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind sculpture or kinetic sculpture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind sculpture or kinetic sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a weather vane.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden spinner or whirligig?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a garden spinner or whirligig.	Guesser said: Is the object a windsock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a windsock.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail used for visual enjoyment as it moves with the wind?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sail.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill or a part of a windmill?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a windmill or a part of a windmill.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind spinner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind spinner.	Guesser said: Is the object a windsock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a windsock.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind turbine.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wind vane?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative wind vane.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute used for visual enjoyment as it moves with the wind?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a parachute.
paintbrush,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or activity.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors, but it can also be used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to communication or information?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for communication or information.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for a task related to food or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: The object can be used for tasks related to both entertainment and leisure, particularly in creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to creating or producing art or music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a task related to creating or producing art.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drawing or painting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for painting.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply paint to a surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to apply paint to a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
mitten,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Not primarily, but it can be used during recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or upkeep of outdoor spaces?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintenance or upkeep of outdoor spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for protection purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against environmental elements?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect against environmental elements.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide shade or shelter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to provide shade or shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person from the rain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to protect a person from the rain.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person from the sun?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to protect a person from the sun.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person from cold weather conditions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect a person from cold weather conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover or insulate a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to cover or insulate a part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands from cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect the hands from cold weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands while allowing for finger dexterity?	Oracle said: No, the object does not allow for finger dexterity.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mittens.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands in extremely cold conditions, such as during winter sports or expeditions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect the hands in cold conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands by enclosing them completely, without individual finger separation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect the hands by enclosing them completely, without individual finger separation.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of overmitts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of overmitts.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other hand coverings for added protection against the cold?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used alongside other hand coverings for added warmth and protection against the cold.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand muffs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand muffs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mitt liners?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mitt liners.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mitt shells?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mitt shells.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gauntlets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of gauntlets.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wrist warmers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of wrist warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pogies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of pogies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens with an outer shell for extreme cold conditions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mittens with an outer shell for extreme cold conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand wraps used for insulation in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for insulation in cold weather, but it is not specifically hand wraps.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand socks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand socks.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand sleeves?	Oracle said: Not exactly, but it is something you wear on your hands.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand gaiters?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand gaiters.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand cozies?	Oracle said: The object is related to hand cozies, but it is not exactly what you mentioned.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand covers designed to slip over gloves or mittens for added warmth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand covers designed to slip over gloves or mittens for added warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are worn directly on the hands, similar to a cozy but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the hands and is used to keep them warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand muffs that are worn directly on the hands, similar to a cozy but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand muffs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of fingerless gloves designed for warmth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of fingerless gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of heated hand pads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of heated hand pads.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are activated by shaking or exposure to air, providing warmth without being worn directly on the hands?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand sleeves that provide warmth and cover the hands, similar to a cozy but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of hand covering that provides warmth and covers the hands, but it is not exactly the same as hand sleeves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand mitts designed for warmth, similar to a cozy but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is similar to a pair of hand mitts designed for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of muffatees?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of muffatees.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand cozies specifically designed to be worn directly on the hands for warmth, but not traditional mittens or gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand cozies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand mitts that are designed to be worn directly on the hands for warmth, similar to a cozy but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to be worn on the hands for warmth, but it is not exactly a cozy.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are designed to be worn directly on the hands, similar to mitts but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand muffs that are worn directly on the hands, providing warmth without being traditional mittens or gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand muffs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of fingerless mitts designed for warmth, similar to mitts but not exactly the same?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of fingerless mitts.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand mittens specifically designed for extreme cold conditions, providing warmth and covering the hands without individual finger separation?	Oracle said: Correct.
receptacle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in homes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in homes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to store clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a closet or wardrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or easy to move around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is generally portable and easy to move around.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage box or container?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase or travel bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a suitcase or travel bag.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing items within a drawer or shelf?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for organizing items within a drawer or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer organizer or divider?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drawer organizer or divider.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin or basket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage bin or basket.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing smaller items like jewelry or office supplies?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing smaller items like jewelry or office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box or organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a jewelry box or organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic or acrylic organizer tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic or acrylic organizer tray.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing craft supplies or similar small items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing craft supplies or similar small items.	Guesser said: Is the object a tackle box or similar compartmentalized storage box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tackle box or similar compartmentalized storage box.	Guesser said: Is the object a small set of drawers or a mini cabinet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a small set of drawers or a mini cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage caddy or tote with compartments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a storage caddy or tote with compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing papers or documents?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for organizing papers or documents.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing art supplies or tools?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing art supplies or tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil case or art supply pouch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pencil case or art supply pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool box or art supply box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tool box or art supply box.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing and storing beads or small craft components?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for organizing and storing beads or small craft components.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead organizer or bead storage container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bead organizer or bead storage container.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill organizer or similar compartmentalized container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pill organizer or similar compartmentalized container.	Guesser said: Is the object a small box or container with individual compartments for sorting small items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a small box or container with individual compartments for sorting small items.	Guesser said: Is the object a pegboard or similar tool used for organizing and hanging small items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pegboard or similar tool used for organizing and hanging small items.	Guesser said: Is the object a stackable storage tray or shelf used for organizing small items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stackable storage tray or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bag or pouch used for organizing small items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage bag or pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic strip or board used for organizing small metal items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnetic strip or board.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing small items on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for organizing small items on a desktop or work surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer or desktop caddy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desk organizer or desktop caddy.	Guesser said: Is the object a lazy susan or rotating organizer used on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lazy susan or rotating organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray or dish used for corralling small items on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a tray or dish used for corralling small items on a desktop or work surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of stacking or nesting containers used for organizing small items on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a set of stacking or nesting containers used for organizing small items on a desktop or work surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a corkboard or bulletin board used for pinning small items or notes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a corkboard or bulletin board.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer liner or mat used to keep small items in place on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drawer liner or mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop file sorter or letter tray used for organizing small items on a work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desktop file sorter or letter tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup or holder used for organizing writing utensils or small tools on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for organizing writing utensils or small tools on a desktop or work surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a pegboard or grid used for organizing small items on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pegboard or grid used for organizing small items.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop drawer or pull-out compartment used for organizing small items on a work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desktop drawer or pull-out compartment.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop stand or rack used for organizing small items on a work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desktop stand or rack.	Guesser said: Is the object a small shelf or riser used for organizing items on a desktop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a small shelf or riser used for organizing items on a desktop or work surface.
binder,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is used primarily indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in a kitchen or dining area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with providing comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with providing comfort or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for work or productivity purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or taking notes?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for writing or taking notes, but it can be related to organizing written materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing documents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for organizing or storing documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a filing cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold papers together?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to hold papers together.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paperclip.	Guesser said: Is the object used to temporarily bind sheets of paper?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to temporarily bind sheets of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stapler.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a binder clip.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind papers without causing permanent damage?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to bind papers without causing permanent damage.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rubber band.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clipboard.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure papers with a pinching mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to secure papers, but not specifically with a pinching mechanism.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper fastener?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paper fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind papers with adhesive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to bind papers with adhesive.	Guesser said: Is the object a push pin or thumbtack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a push pin or thumbtack.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind papers using a magnetic mechanism?	Oracle said: No, the object does not use a magnetic mechanism to bind papers.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind papers with a prong or clasp mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to bind papers with a mechanism.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper fastener with prongs, like a brad or split pin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paper fastener with prongs like a brad or split pin.	Guesser said: Is the object an accordion folder or expanding file folder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an accordion folder or expanding file folder.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring binder?	Oracle said: Correct.
patch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object can be used both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or work-related setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a professional or work-related setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect people or property?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to protect people or property.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or preserve food or other perishable items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to protect or preserve food or other perishable items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect equipment or tools?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to protect equipment or tools.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a medical or healthcare setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal protective purposes in a healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal protective purposes in a healthcare setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for diagnostic or monitoring purposes in a healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for diagnostic or monitoring purposes in a healthcare setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for treatment or therapeutic purposes in a healthcare setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for treatment or therapeutic purposes in a healthcare setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used to administer medication or other treatments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to administer medication or other treatments.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a syringe.	Guesser said: Is the object used to deliver medication in a gaseous or vapor form?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to deliver medication in a gaseous or vapor form.	Guesser said: Is the object used to deliver medication in a liquid form?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to deliver medication in a liquid form.	Guesser said: Is the object used to deliver medication in a solid form?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to deliver medication in a solid form.	Guesser said: Is the object used to deliver medication through the skin or a topical application?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a transdermal patch?	Oracle said: No, it is not a transdermal patch.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply medication or treatment to a specific area of the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to apply medication or treatment to the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or aid in the healing process of skin-related conditions?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to cover and protect skin-related conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bandage.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide a sterile environment for wounds or skin conditions?	Oracle said: Yes, a patch can be used to cover wounds or skin conditions to keep them sterile.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical dressing?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a medical dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure medical dressings or other protective coverings on the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to secure medical dressings or other protective coverings on the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide a barrier or protection for wounds without additional dressings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to provide a barrier or protection for wounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a wound dressing film?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wound dressing film.	Guesser said: Is the object a hydrocolloid dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hydrocolloid dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object an adhesive bandage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an adhesive bandage.	Guesser said: Is the object a silicone gel sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a silicone gel sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a transparent film dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a transparent film dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauze pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gauze pad.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide moisture balance for wound healing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to provide moisture balance for wound healing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to absorb exudate from wounds?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object an alginate dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an alginate dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a foam dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a foam dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton wool pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cotton wool pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a hydrofiber dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hydrofiber dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a charcoal dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a charcoal dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a non-adherent dressing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of non-adherent dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a telfa pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a telfa pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a petroleum jelly gauze dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a petroleum jelly gauze dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a silicone-based non-adherent dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a silicone-based non-adherent dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a paraffin gauze dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paraffin gauze dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sterile pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sterile pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a composite dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a composite dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object an impregnated dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an impregnated dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object a non-stick pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a non-stick pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a contact layer dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a contact layer dressing.
bedpan,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is used primarily indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in a kitchen or dining area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or workspace environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office or workspace environment.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to personal care.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for grooming purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or measuring health-related metrics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for monitoring or measuring health-related metrics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for administering medication or treatment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for administering medication or treatment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing comfort or relief from a health condition?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing relief related to a health condition.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing relief from pain or discomfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for providing relief from pain or discomfort.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing relief from respiratory issues or conditions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing relief from respiratory issues or conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing relief from allergies or sinus-related issues?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing relief from allergies or sinus-related issues.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing relief from muscle tension or stress?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing relief from muscle tension or stress.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing relief from a skin-related condition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing relief from a skin-related condition.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing relief from digestive or gastrointestinal issues?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing relief related to bodily waste elimination, which can be connected to digestive or gastrointestinal processes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for assisting with bowel movements or alleviating constipation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for assisting with bowel movements.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet stool or squatty potty?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet stool or squatty potty.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing support or comfort while using the toilet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing support or comfort related to toilet use.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet or bidet attachment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bidet or bidet attachment.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet seat riser or elevated toilet seat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet seat riser or elevated toilet seat.	Guesser said: Is the object a commode chair or portable toilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a commode chair or portable toilet.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet safety frame or grab bar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet safety frame or grab bar.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet cushion or padded toilet seat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet cushion or padded toilet seat.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet footrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet footrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan?	Oracle said: Correct.
baseboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: The object is not used for a specific task or activity, but it serves a functional purpose in a space.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object provide comfort or convenience in some way?	Oracle said: Yes, the object provides convenience by covering the joint between the wall and the floor, protecting the wall from damage and adding a finished look to a room.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decorative purposes in addition to its functional role?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for both decorative and functional purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard or skirting board?	Oracle said: Correct.
gown,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for food-related activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for work or productivity-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: The object can be used for comfort, but its primary purpose is not relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or connectivity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or connectivity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for illumination or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for aesthetic purposes, especially when worn.	Guesser said: Is the object used as an accessory or part of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is part of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or cover a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to cover a specific part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cover the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cover the head.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the hands?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cover the hands.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to cover the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as an undergarment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn as an undergarment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as outerwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn as outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as a top or shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn as a top or shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as a dress?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn as a dress.	Guesser said: Is the object used for formal occasions or events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for formal occasions or events.	Guesser said: Is the object a gown or evening dress?	Oracle said: Correct.
tile,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a kitchen setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for preparing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or consuming food or beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for serving or consuming food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or monitoring kitchen conditions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintaining or monitoring kitchen conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or arranging items in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or arranging items in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for disposing of waste or managing trash in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for disposing of waste or managing trash in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any safety-related purposes in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety-related purposes in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any decorative purposes in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for decorative purposes in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the ambiance or aesthetic appeal of the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to enhance the ambiance or aesthetic appeal of the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide lighting or illumination in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to provide lighting or illumination in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display or hold decorative items in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to display or hold decorative items in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add color or texture to the kitchen environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to add color or texture to the kitchen environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall art or decorative panel used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object can be used decoratively in the kitchen, but it is not specifically a type of wall art or decorative panel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kitchen textile, such as a decorative towel or curtain, used to add color or texture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of kitchen textile.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative kitchenware, like a vase or bowl, used to add color or texture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative kitchenware like a vase or bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative tile or backsplash used to add color or texture to the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of decorative tile or backsplash used to add color or texture to the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile or backsplash used to enhance the aesthetic appeal of the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a decorative tile or backsplash, but it is not limited to kitchen use.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile or backsplash that can be used in various indoor settings to enhance aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in various indoor settings to enhance aesthetic appeal.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile used for enhancing the aesthetic appeal of indoor spaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a decorative tile used for enhancing the aesthetic appeal of indoor spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile used for adding color, texture, and aesthetic appeal to indoor environments, such as kitchens, bathrooms, or living areas?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a decorative tile used for adding color, texture, and aesthetic appeal to indoor environments like kitchens, bathrooms, or living areas.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile used for adding aesthetic appeal to various indoor environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a decorative tile used for adding aesthetic appeal to various indoor environments.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a decorative tile used for adding aesthetic appeal to various indoor environments.	Oracle said: Correct.