airship,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it small, medium, or large?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is generally smooth.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, often depending on its design or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or does it have the ability to move?	Oracle said: It has the ability to move.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shape or form? If so, what is it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a specific shape. It is typically elongated and streamlined.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp or airship?	Oracle said: Correct.
photocopier,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically large, often the size of a small desk or table.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The object's surface is generally smooth.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically white or gray.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal, plastic, and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in offices or workspaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier or printer?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in daily activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in daily activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific hobby or activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for a hobby or activity.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately the size of a deck of cards.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or containment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or containment.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for calculations or timekeeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing or displaying images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or detecting something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or interacting with other electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or touch controls?	Oracle said: The object has buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of calculator or similar device?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of calculator or similar device.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or fitness purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic game or toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic dictionary or translator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic organizer or planner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic key or access device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic novelty item or gadget?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of electronic gadget.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen that displays animated characters or graphics?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a screen that displays animated characters or graphics.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic puzzle or brain teaser device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic clock or timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light or sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can emit sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic noise maker or sound effect device?	Oracle said: Yes, it can produce sound or noise.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound machine or white noise generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a novelty sound button or sound effect button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic prank device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic musical instrument or sound synthesizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic sound recorder or playback device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic sound generator or noise maker used for entertainment or novelty purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic language translator or phrasebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic voice changer or modifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic toy or gadget that plays pre-recorded sounds or phrases?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic sound amplifier or enhancer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic sound meter or decibel meter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device that emits a specific sound or tone for alert or notification purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal alarm or electronic alert device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal panic alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keychain alarm or personal safety alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door or window alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic whistle or sound-emitting device for emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector or carbon monoxide alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic timer or reminder device that emits sound for alerts?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of electronic device that can emit sound for alerts.
radio,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic or requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object can be portable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a screen or display.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have speakers or produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object produces sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to listen to audio privately?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transmit audio to others?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with another device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to a computer or other electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in an office or professional setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a PA (public address) system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be handheld.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or is it cordless?	Oracle said: The object can have a cord or be cordless.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset or headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a two-way radio?	Correct
bullhorn,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an industrial or commercial setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in both industrial and commercial settings.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage, transportation, or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld or does it require a larger setup to operate?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement or detection purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational purposes?	Oracle said: It can be used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for playing games or media?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing or recording audio or visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound or light?	Oracle said: The object produces sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of portable speaker or audio device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bluetooth speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of portable audio player, like an MP3 player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of megaphone or loudspeaker?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of megaphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small to medium-sized, often around a few inches to a foot in diameter or length.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical with a rounded top.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a smooth texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but commonly it is green, black, or silver.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object can be made of plastic, metal, or a combination of both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a switch.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or trimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has openings.	Guesser said: Is the object a small fan or portable fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any blades or propellers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or rollers?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any wheels or rollers.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container or holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: The object is used for maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining vehicles or machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining plants or gardens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sprinkler or irrigation system component?	Correct
bullet,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific profession or industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the technology or electronics industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the culinary or food industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the fashion or textile industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sports or fitness industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the security or safety industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a reflective surface?	Oracle said: Yes, it can have a reflective surface.	Guesser said: Is the object used to signal or communicate visually?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or shield something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn or carried by a person?	Oracle said: It is typically carried by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of key or tool used for security purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of badge or identification used for security purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mirror or reflective device used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to detect or measure something related to security or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to illuminate or provide light for security or safety purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lock or locking mechanism used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle used for security or safety purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of alarm or alert device used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handcuff used in security or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weapon or defensive tool used in security or safety?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of object used in security.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal baton or nightstick used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal flashlight used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal knuckle or brass knuckles used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal stun gun or taser used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pepper spray canister used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal whistle used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal security baton or expandable baton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal handcuff key used in security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bullet or ammunition used in security?	Correct
barometer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically small enough to be handheld or mounted on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth texture.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object is typically metallic or silver.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound when it is in use?	Oracle said: No, the object does not produce any sound when it is in use.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reflection or viewing purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for illumination or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for locking or securing doors or windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of transportation or navigation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in navigation.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in marine or nautical navigation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sextant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for determining direction or position?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring distance or speed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring depth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or life-saving purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for steering or controlling a vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for anchoring or mooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an astrolabe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring angles or altitude?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation in aviation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flight computer or E6B?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a navigation plotter or protractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or inscriptions on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has markings on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a navigational map or chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a circular slide rule used in aviation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind rose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aviation navigational instrument used for celestial navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiz wheel or manual flight computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drift meter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the cockpit of an aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an altimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a turn and slip indicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gyroscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a directional gyro or heading indicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tachometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel gauge?	Oracle said: No.
gearshift,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically small enough to be operated by hand.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is generally smooth, with some parts possibly having a textured grip.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a primary color as it can vary.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a cylindrical or lever-like shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is commonly made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes, it can produce sound when used.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or trimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or indicating something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or indicating something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or producing something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for creating or producing something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of transportation or mobility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle or used in conjunction with a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a vehicle's control system, such as a steering wheel or gear shift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear shift lever?	Oracle said: Correct.
photograph,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration, utility, or both?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal, wood, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper, stone, or a natural material like plants or minerals?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically colorful or does it have a more neutral color palette?	Oracle said: The object can have either a colorful or neutral color palette.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat or does it have a three-dimensional shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically flat.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for displaying images or text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a standard piece of paper (8.5 x 11 inches)?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a rectangular shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in frames or hung on walls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an art print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to display photographs?	Correct
intercom,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often used in specific areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or workshop area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a laundry room or utility area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an entryway or hallway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or safety purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for security or safety purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of surveillance camera or security system component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or notify individuals of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector or carbon monoxide detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of alarm or alert system, such as a security alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chime or bell used to signal someone's arrival?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of intercom or communication device?	Correct
laptop,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a screen or display.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a touchscreen interface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has buttons and may have a touchscreen interface.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for capturing images or video?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for computing or processing information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop or a tablet?	Oracle said: It is a laptop. Correct.
amplifier,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? Is it handheld, does it fit on a desk, or is it larger?	Oracle said: It typically fits on a desk.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a screen or display.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound or have speakers?	Oracle said: The object does not produce sound or have speakers, but it is related to sound.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording, amplifying, or modifying sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for amplifying sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of audio amplifier or speaker amplifier?	Correct
jukebox,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: The object is generally about the size of a large piece of furniture, roughly similar to a refrigerator or a large cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object has a smooth and glossy texture, with some parts that may feel metallic or wooden.	Guesser said: What is the object's color or colors?	Oracle said: The object can have various colors, often including combinations of chrome, black, and bright neon or pastel colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular or box-shaped.	Guesser said: Does the object make any sounds when it is in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object an arcade machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any screens or displays?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any screens or displays.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any handles or grips.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made primarily of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments or storage areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally large.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a streamlined, elongated shape with a pointed front and a wider back.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The texture of the object's surface is generally smooth.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object can vary, but it is often white.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.
fuse,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally small, often a few centimeters in length.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically metallic or can have a glass body with a metallic cap.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in everyday life?	Oracle said: No, it is not commonly used in everyday life.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific industry or field?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically used in a specific industry or field.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of electronics or technology?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component, such as a resistor or capacitor?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of electronic component.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a microwave oven?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on land, water, or in the air?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat or ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have sails?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have sails.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than 100 feet in length?	Oracle said: It can be, but not always.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat deck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a flat deck.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large open cargo area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple levels or decks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a superstructure or tower?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a superstructure.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of naval ship, like a destroyer or frigate?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of naval ship, but not like a destroyer or frigate.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine tender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amphibious assault ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft carrier support ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a minesweeper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patrol boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a supply ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landing craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corvette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruiser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a destroyer tender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship tender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a littoral combat ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an icebreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frigate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a minesweeper support ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a command ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torpedo boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oiler or a replenishment ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gunboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landing platform dock (LPD)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landing helicopter assault (LHA) ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landing helicopter dock (LHD) ship?	Oracle said: No.
bicycle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally around 1.5 to 2 meters in length.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a frame that is typically triangular, with two circular wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has handles or grips.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
compass,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a loaf of bread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held comfortably in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cutting or slicing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in everyday household tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific profession or industry?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used in specific professions or industries.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of construction or engineering?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in the field of engineering.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or alignment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a caliper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for leveling surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring angles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring distance or length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring pressure or force?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting vibrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting liquid levels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting light or radiation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting electrical properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or detecting magnetic fields?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedometer,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically small enough to fit within the dashboard of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically circular.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, often black or white with colored markings.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or symbols on it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has markings or symbols on it.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or indicating something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
