bandanna,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical purpose?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or office work?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or resting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for repair or maintenance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or mobility?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory or adornment?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the head?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headband or hair accessory?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie or scrunchie?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara or crown?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hairpin or bobby pin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hair comb?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a barrette?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a fascinator?	Oracle said: 0
filter,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for household tasks or chores?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a dish rack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dish drainer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing brush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing rack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing sponge holder?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing tub or basin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing mat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing soap dispenser?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing glove?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dish drying mat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dish drying rack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dish scrubber?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing cloth or towel?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwashing liquid bottle?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sink strainer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dish drying mat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dish rack?	Oracle said: 0
satin,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a flat surface, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass or ceramic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cushion or pillow?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative rug or mat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative tapestry or wall hanging?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative tablecloth or runner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative stuffed animal or toy?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative throw or blanket?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative basket or container made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative flag or banner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric sculpture or art piece?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative lampshade?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative table centerpiece made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric flower or plant?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric coaster or placemat?	Oracle said: 0
flask,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food or drinks?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass or tumbler?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve wine?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve water?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve hot beverages?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve desserts?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve condiments or sauces?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve cold beverages?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher or carafe?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bottle?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass jug?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass punch bowl?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass decanter?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass mug?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass teapot?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pitcher?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass vase?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass cup?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass jar?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass ice bucket?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass serving tray?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass punch bowl?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass serving bowl?	Oracle said: 0
purse,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or resting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or storage area?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a dining room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a closet?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang clothes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin or box?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize accessories or small items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe organizer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry organizer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer organizer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a belt or tie rack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf or shelving unit?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hanger for scarves or similar items?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a closet divider or separator?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hat organizer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum storage bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic drawer unit?	Oracle said: 0
sweatshirt,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or resting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the hands?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object worn around the neck?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the torso?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outerwear?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: 0
motorcar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a person?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or writing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to music?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object played with a bow?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a plucked string instrument?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a zither?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lyre?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dulcimer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sitar?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a balalaika?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bouzouki?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a koto?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a ukelin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shamisen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a classical instrument?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a clavichord?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a living organism?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in households?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant primarily used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its flowers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its foliage?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of succulent?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a fern?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its air-purifying qualities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of palm?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of ivy?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a snake plant or Sansevieria?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of cactus?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a spider plant?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a rubber plant or Ficus elastica?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a pothos or devil's ivy?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a peace lily?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a monstera or Swiss cheese plant?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a ZZ plant or Zamioculcas zamiifolia?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a bamboo plant?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a dracaena?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a philodendron?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a croton?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a dieffenbachia or dumb cane?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a calathea?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a Chinese evergreen or Aglaonema?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a ficus or weeping fig?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a money tree or Pachira aquatica?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly known as a bonsai tree?	Oracle said: 0
sculpture,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a surface, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or flower arrangement?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture or figurine?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to office or school supplies?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or equipment?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used in case of emergencies?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the garage or workshop?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the laundry room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the basement?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the hallway or entryway?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure doors or entryways?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a lock or a deadbolt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing documents or files?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing personal items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or pouch?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil case?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with children?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific hobby or craft?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves creating art or decorations?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves assembling or building models?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves collecting items?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves writing or journaling?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves cooking or baking?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves sewing or knitting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves music or musical instruments?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves photography or videography?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a camera accessory?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a tripod?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a camera lens cap?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a camera strap?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a camera bag or case?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning tool?	Oracle said: 0
wastebasket,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for daily activities?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing dishes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning utensils or kitchen tools?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning appliances?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hands?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning food items?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object disposable after use?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cloth or fabric used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the air or odors in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning liquids or spills in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining kitchen equipment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or device used for unclogging or clearing drains in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scrubber or sponge used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container used for organizing or holding cleaning supplies in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning windows or glass surfaces in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning something specific in the kitchen that I haven't mentioned yet?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the kitchen sink?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the kitchen stove or oven?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the kitchen refrigerator?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the kitchen countertop?	Oracle said: 0
car,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or recreational activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to carry more than five passengers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the vehicle typically used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for household chores or tasks?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for data processing or computing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for printing or scanning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing information or documents?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying information?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor or screen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital clock or timer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard or electronic whiteboard?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital photo frame?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp with a digital display?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital signage display?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a teleconference device or speakerphone?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital assistant or smart speaker with a display?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat with a digital display?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital picture frame?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital signage display?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital calendar or planner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital scoreboard?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital display panel used for presentations?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital clock?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a digital photo frame?	Oracle said: 0
tub,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hair?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object shampoo?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a conditioner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid form product?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a solid form product?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or accessory used for cleaning hair?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hairbrush or comb?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair dryer or styling tool?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair removal product?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair towel or wrap?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair cap or shower cap?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair mask or treatment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair oil or serum?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair dye or coloring product?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair gel or styling product?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair clip or accessory?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair rinse or vinegar rinse?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair foam or mousse?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hairbrush or comb?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair straightener or curling iron?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair sponge or loofah?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair spray or mist?	Oracle said: 0
cufflink,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or study room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or workshop?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to decoration or aesthetics?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on tables or shelves?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or flower used for decoration?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative textile or fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative sculpture or figurine?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative mirror?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative clock?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative art piece or painting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative vase or container?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative candle or candle holder?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative ornament or knick-knack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative furniture piece?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative rug or carpet?	Oracle said: 0
pamphlet,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for office work?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something you write with?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object something you write on?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for printing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for taking notes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing information?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar or planner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object an index card?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sticky note or Post-it note?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a ledger or accounting book?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a form or template used for documentation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad or notebook?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a chart or graph paper?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a blueprint or technical drawing paper?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sticky label or adhesive label?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of paper used for presentations, like a flip chart or presentation board?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a document protector or sheet protector?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt or invoice paper?	Oracle said: 0
vibrator,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for watching visual media?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for playing games?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for listening to audio?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating art or media?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for virtual reality or augmented reality experiences?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing or recording media?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical fitness or exercise?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by children?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of puzzle or brain teaser?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a remote-controlled device?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of collectible or novelty item?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for simulation or role-playing activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board game or card game?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic gadget or novelty item?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating light or visual effects?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drone or flying device?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fidget or stress-relief toy?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for remote-controlled racing or driving activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic pet or interactive companion?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of virtual assistant or smart speaker?	Oracle said: 0