spacesuit,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

underwear,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

hinge,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

barbell,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: I'm not allowed to give you that information.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

asphalt,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Correct.

cloak,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Correct.

brochure,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

armoire,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical presence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a man-made object?	Oracle said: Correct.

jacket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hard surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Correct.

gauze,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in many households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or fungus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strong or unpleasant smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of animal byproduct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of organic material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Organic material.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long is the object?	Oracle said: I'm not going to answer that.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fiber?	Oracle said: Correct.

dishtowel,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Correct.

jumpsuit,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

gargoyle,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes that are unusual for its category?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a location in a typical household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a reflective surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific or unusual texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a public place?	Oracle said: Correct.

textbook,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

mainsail,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is usually kept?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific category of objects, such as a piece of furniture, a type of vehicle, a tool, etc.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a category of objects that can be used for transportation?	Oracle said: Correct.

harpoon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location or position in the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: Correct.

sweater,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has sleeves.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: I'm not saying.	Guesser said: Does the object have any functions beyond protection from the elements?	Oracle said: Correct.

tiara,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a museum or a palace.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: .	esser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: It has a crown.	sser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	esser said: Does the object have a historical significance?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	ser said: Is the object typically made of gold?	Oracle said: Correct.

mirror,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location or is it found in many locations?	Oracle said: It can be found in many locations.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Correct.

flagpole,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a texture that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

train,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a man-made object?	Oracle said: Correct.

streetlight,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a rigid material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to a car?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to energy?	Oracle said: Correct.

incubator,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

lever,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

yacht,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Correct.

cannon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel and a trigger.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: I'm not responding to that.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	Guesser said: Does the object require a human to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It fires projectiles.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel and a wheel at the end.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: I'm not allowed to answer that question.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: .	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel and a trigger.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting projectiles.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is heavy.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Military.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said:It has a barrel.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To fire a projectile.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	r said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel and a carriage.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is metal.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said:To shoot projectiles.	esser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said:Yes.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is heavy.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to propel projectiles.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel and a wheel.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical in shape.	r said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel and a base.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	r said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is heavy.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Military.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a public place?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a barrel.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to propel a projectile.

radio,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

popgun,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes that make it unique, such as a color, shape, or size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Correct.

streetcar,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Correct.

laser,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Correct.

taillight,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical attribute that can be perceived with the senses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

snowmobile,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

phone,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location in the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

plane,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in my hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wings and engines.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cockpit?	Oracle said: Correct.

limousine,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical attribute that can be perceived by sight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

thermostat,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is usually found?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Correct.

spacecraft,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical attribute that can be perceived by sight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

videotape,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes that are unusual or distinctive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

jukebox,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Correct.

seismograph,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.

