bandanna,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a flat surface, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn as jewelry?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory worn on the head, like a headband or hairpin?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hairpin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara or crown?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip or barrette?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a headscarf or bandana?	Oracle said: Correct.
filter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces like countertops or windows?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning clothes or fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes or kitchenware?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dust or small particles?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lint roller?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dustpan?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning electronics or delicate items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a can of compressed air?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning brush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning camera lenses or optical devices?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning pen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens blower?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning solution?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning tissue?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning kit?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning brush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning swab?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cap keeper?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor cleaning tool?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning pad?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning bulb?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning stick?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning gel?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning spray?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning brush pen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning cloth pouch?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning fluid?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning blower brush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning microfiber mitt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning paper?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning tool that is not commonly known or used?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton swab?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning brush with a retractable design?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning cloth made of a special material?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a lens cleaning pen with a carbon tip?	Oracle said: 0
satin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a surface, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass or ceramic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a centerpiece or focal point in a room?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative cushion or pillow?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative rug or tapestry?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative tablecloth or runner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative basket or container made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative sculpture or figurine made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative wreath or garland made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative lampshade made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative throw or blanket?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative plant or flower arrangement made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative banner or flag made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative stuffed animal or toy made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric art piece, like a quilt or wall hanging?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative bowl or basket made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative lampshade made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative table centerpiece, like a fabric fruit or flower arrangement?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative mat or coaster made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative ornament or accessory made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative book or album cover made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric sculpture or art piece, like a fabric flower or abstract form?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative tablecloth or runner made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative napkin or placemat made of fabric?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric basket or container?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric doll or figure?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric lampshade?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric table runner or doily?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric cover, like a slipcover or throw cover?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric basket or bowl?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric wall hanging or tapestry?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric art piece, like a fabric collage or embroidery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric lampshade or light cover?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric sculpture or soft sculpture?	Oracle said: 0
flask,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for dining or serving food?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or weighing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing non-food items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used to store cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store kitchen tools or utensils?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store spices or condiments?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store kitchen linens or towels?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store trash or waste?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store beverages?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a container specifically designed for storing water?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher or jug?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a wine rack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a mug or cup?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos or insulated container?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos flask?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or storage area?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store shoes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store accessories, such as belts or ties?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store household items?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store linens or bedding?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store tools or hardware?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store jewelry?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store documents or paperwork?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store toys or children's items?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store seasonal items or decorations?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store footwear accessories, like shoe polish or laces?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to store bags or luggage?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hanger or hook designed for bags or luggage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf or rack specifically for storing bags or luggage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin or box specifically for storing bags or luggage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a luggage organizer or divider used within a closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a luggage stand or holder used within a closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase or luggage itself, stored in the closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bag organizer or storage system specifically for bags within a closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag used for storing bags or luggage in a closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dust cover or protective cover used for storing bags or luggage in a closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a closet rod or bar specifically designed for hanging bags or luggage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelving unit or compartment specifically designed for bags or luggage within a closet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a closet organizer or system that includes compartments or spaces for bags or luggage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or luggage itself, stored in the closet?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of bag, such as a backpack or handbag?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a button-up shirt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undershirt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tunic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jersey?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kimono?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of car?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in one hand?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a microwave oven?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for watching something?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to something?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object played with a bow?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object played by plucking the strings?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a large string instrument typically found in orchestras?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of zither, like a dulcimer?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lyre?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bass guitar?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a double bass?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lute?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sitar?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a koto?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a balalaika?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a clavichord?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in gardens?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of tree?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of flower?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of grass?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of shrub or bush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in water or aquatic environments?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of vine?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of fungus or mushroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of cactus or succulent?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in forests?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in deserts?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in agricultural fields or used in farming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in wetlands or marshes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of moss?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of algae?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of fern?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of reed or rush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of sedge?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of carnivorous plant?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the plant a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or office purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or personal care?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a surface, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass or ceramic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone or a mineral?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture or statue?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or office purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of alarm or alert system?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure doors or windows?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of latch or bolt?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of key?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hinge?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of security bar or brace?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door stopper or wedge?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing documents or files?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing personal items?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or pouch?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil case?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a classroom?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for surgical procedures?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or grasping?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or monitoring?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for clamping or securing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for retracting or holding back tissue during surgery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for injecting or drawing fluids?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cauterizing or sealing during surgery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for stitching or suturing during surgery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for visualizing or illuminating during surgery?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object an endoscope?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical headlamp?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical microscope?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object an otoscope?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a laryngoscope?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a speculum?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a retractor with a light source?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a fiber optic light cable?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object an overhead surgical light?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical loupe?	Oracle said: Correct.
wastebasket,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for dining or eating purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste disposal or management?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can or garbage bin?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in a household setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or industrial setting?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement or analysis?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used in scientific laboratories?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring temperature?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring pressure?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring weight or mass?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring electrical properties?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring voltage?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a multimeter?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring current?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning clothes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces like countertops or tables?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning windows or glass surfaces?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning bathrooms?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning toilets?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth or rag?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning product or chemical?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or accessory used for cleaning bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object disposable after use?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mop specifically designed for bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove used for cleaning bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning pad or scrubber specifically designed for bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head or attachment used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drain cleaner or tool used to unclog drains in bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain or liner used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel used for cleaning bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath brush?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower mat used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower squeegee?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a pumice stone used for cleaning bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub or shower liner used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub caddy used for organizing cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower cleaning tool that is handheld?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning device or accessory that is stationary or installed in the bathtub or shower?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning cloth or pad that is reusable and specifically designed for bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shower door or enclosure used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush specifically designed for cleaning grout in bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning bucket or container used specifically for bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool that uses water pressure to clean bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower cleaning tool that uses steam for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool or accessory that is not typically associated with bathtubs or showers but can be used for them?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower drain cover used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool or accessory that is specifically designed for hard-to-reach areas in bathtubs or showers?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower seat or bench used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub liner that prevents soap scum or mildew build-up?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower organizer used for holding cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: 0
cufflink,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object related to home maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a surface, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object typically used during holidays or special occasions?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific holiday?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used as part of a celebration or party?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object wearable or used as an accessory?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ring?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of necklace?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracelet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of earring?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brooch or pin?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.
pamphlet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending written messages?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad or notebook?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a sticky note or Post-it note?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stationery?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending packages?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for official or formal communication?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a form or document?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a memo?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a fax cover sheet?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for contracts or agreements?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a letterhead?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a business proposal?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for invitations?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for reports?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for legal purposes?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for resumes or CVs?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a telegram?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for presentations?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for meeting agendas?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for announcements?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for receipts?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for invoices?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for diplomas?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for certificates of achievement?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for sending formal messages, like a telegram or telegraph?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for business correspondence, like a letter of intent?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for newsletters?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for fax communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for a cover letter?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for a postcard?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for a press release?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for a formal invitation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a paper used for a manual or instruction guide?	Oracle said: 0
vibrator,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of screen or display?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing music?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for gaming?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for watching movies or shows?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or producing something?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of audio device?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical exercise or fitness?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for photography or capturing images?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for virtual reality or augmented reality experiences?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy or used for play?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by adults?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a type of puzzle or brain teaser?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board game?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of card game?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gambling device?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of collectible or hobby item?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic game or device used for leisure?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of novelty item or gadget?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or stress relief?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a fidget spinner?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a type of massager?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld massager?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a portable electric handheld massager?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a portable electric handheld massager used for personal relaxation and stress relief?	Oracle said: 1	Guesser said: Is the object a portable electric handheld massager, specifically a massage gun?	Oracle said: 0	Guesser said: Is the object a portable electric handheld massager, specifically a vibrating massage wand?	Oracle said: Correct.