spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to technology.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or workplace setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an industrial or manufacturing environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or transportation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an outdoor or natural environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a recreational or entertainment setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a scientific or research environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in laboratory experiments or analysis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in astronomical or space-related research?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a satellite or space probe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in telescopes or observatories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in space exploration missions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a spacecraft or space vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in communication or data transmission during space missions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in life support or environmental control systems in space missions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the oxygen generation or carbon dioxide removal system in space missions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the temperature regulation or thermal control system in space missions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the water purification or recycling system in space missions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste management or disposal systems in space missions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the radiation shielding or protection system in space missions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a material or component in constructing radiation shielding for spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in personal protective equipment for astronauts to shield against radiation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a space suit designed to protect astronauts from radiation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the radiation shielding layer within a space suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific component or accessory of the space suit that enhances radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a material used in the construction of space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized fabric or textile used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of metal or alloy used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of polymer or plastic used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of composite material used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ceramic material used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gel or fluid used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mineral or natural element used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nanomaterial used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of foam or cushioning material used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of liquid crystal or similar technology used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or layer that incorporates a unique technology or material for radiation protection in space suits?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paint or coating used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glass or transparent material used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulation or barrier material used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chemical compound or additive used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of adhesive or bonding agent used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective material used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of specialized fabric or layer integrated into space suits specifically for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shielding device or apparatus used in space suits for radiation protection?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of shielding device or apparatus used in space suits for radiation protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a detachable or removable component of the space suit used for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an integrated part of the space suit's design specifically for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an external device or apparatus that is used in conjunction with a space suit for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of embedded technology or system within the space suit for radiation protection?	Oracle said: No.
underwear,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort or support while sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or personal accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors as loungewear or sleepwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of soft, comfortable material like cotton or fleece?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of soft, comfortable material like cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object typically part of a matching set with a top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during colder seasons for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as part of a summer or warm-weather sleepwear set?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be worn as part of a summer or warm-weather sleepwear set.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sleep shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as a single piece, rather than separate top and bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women as part of a sleepwear set?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of capri pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sleep leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sleep shorts specifically designed for women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sleep pants specifically designed for women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bloomers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lingerie or intimate apparel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of panties?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with bathroom decor or aesthetics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically related to plumbing or water usage in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or health in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with entertainment or leisure activities in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically disposable or single-use in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically disposable or single-use in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in or around the shower or bathtub area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near or on the bathroom sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near the toilet area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the bathroom floor or used in relation to the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mounted or attached to the bathroom walls or ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside bathroom cabinets or drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to first aid or medical supplies typically stored in bathroom cabinets or drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to toiletries or personal care items that are typically stored in bathroom cabinets or drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to tools or maintenance items that might be stored in bathroom cabinets or drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool commonly used for small repairs or adjustments in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or unclogging drains in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to measuring or leveling tasks that might be performed in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fixing or maintaining bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to fixing or maintaining bathroom fixtures or fittings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sealant or adhesive used for bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tape or wrap used for temporary fixes or maintenance of bathroom fixtures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lubricant or grease used for maintaining bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wrench or pliers used for maintaining bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spare part or component used for bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as a component in bathroom fixtures or fittings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of washer or gasket used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of valve or stopper used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of screw or fastener used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of fastener used in bathroom fixtures or fittings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of anchor or wall plug used for securing bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nut or bolt used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clip or clamp used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracket or support used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hinge used in bathroom fixtures or fittings?	Correct.
barbell,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or storage area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to tools or equipment?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or repair tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to outdoor activities or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or fitness activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for strength training exercises?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weight, such as a dumbbell or barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with nature or natural environments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with nature or natural environments.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or associated with airplanes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or associated with trains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or associated with boats or ships?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or associated with bicycles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or associated with motorcycles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or associated with public transportation systems like buses or trams?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the infrastructure or equipment used in bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a part of the infrastructure at bus or tram stations.	Guesser said: Is the object related to seating or benches at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to signage or information displays at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security features at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to ticketing or fare collection at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to shelters or coverings at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste management or trash disposal at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to barriers or fencing at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to bicycle racks or storage at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to landscaping or decorative elements at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to maintenance or cleaning equipment at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any utilities or services provided at bus or tram stations, such as water or power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of public art or cultural displays at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of vending or retail services at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any emergency or first aid equipment at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of structural or foundational elements at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the flooring or ground surface at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to tactile paving or surface indicators used for accessibility at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of drainage or water management system at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of surface material or covering used on the ground at bus or tram stations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of concrete or asphalt?	Correct.
cloak,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or storage area?	Oracle said: It is not typically found in a garage or storage area.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garden or outdoor area of a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an attic or basement?	Oracle said: It can be found in an attic or basement, but it is not specifically associated with those places.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with cleaning or maintenance tasks within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically related to hobbies or leisure activities within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with storage or organization within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically related to personal care or grooming within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with decoration or aesthetics within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically related to safety or security within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with any specific room or area in a household, or is it more universally found throughout the home?	Oracle said: The object is more universally found throughout the home.	Guesser said: Is the object typically related to structural or architectural elements within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically related to textiles or fabrics within a household?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for covering or protecting surfaces within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for comfort or warmth within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cleaning or wiping purposes within a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing or apparel purposes within a household?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used as an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as outerwear or as a top layer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in casual settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in formal or professional settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for specific activities or purposes, such as sports or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for warmth or protection against the elements?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically worn for warmth or protection against the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of coat or jacket?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically a type of coat or jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of raincoat or waterproof jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of winter coat or heavy jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of lightweight jacket or windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of sweater or cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of blazer or suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of denim jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of leather jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of fleece jacket or pullover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific season or weather condition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a specific season or weather condition.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for specific occasions or events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with traditional or cultural attire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of kimono or robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of sari or shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of poncho or cape?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically a type of cape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with ceremonial or formal events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a type of cloak worn during religious or cultural ceremonies?	Correct.
brochure,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No, it is not typically found in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an industrial or commercial setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a commercial setting.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with food or the food industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in construction or building maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to healthcare or medical settings?	Oracle said: It can be.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or administrative setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or note-taking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a telephone or communication device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sending or receiving mail or packages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying information or messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scheduling or planning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of signage or a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for labeling or identifying items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of document or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for official or legal purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for educational or training purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a worksheet or handout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of manual or guide?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of guide.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure or pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a dresser or vanity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor of a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store clothing or linens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chest or trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wardrobe or armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for organizing or storing clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as an outer layer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during colder weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat or jacket?	Correct.
gauze,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to decoration or aesthetics in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to plumbing or water usage in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for relaxation or comfort in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near the bathroom sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the shower or bathtub area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near the toilet area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the bathroom floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the bathroom walls or ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside bathroom cabinets or drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medical supplies typically stored in bathroom cabinets or drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for treating minor injuries or wounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to cover and protect wounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage or adhesive bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to secure bandages or dressings in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object medical tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elastic bandage or wrap used to secure dressings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to hold gauze pads in place?	Correct.
dishtowel,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near the sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning countertops or surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cloth or sponge?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth or dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be found in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to technology or electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or storage area?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in a garage or storage area.	Guesser said: Is the object related to tools or maintenance equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to outdoor activities or gardening?	Oracle said: It can be related to outdoor activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or recreational activities?	Oracle said: It can be, but it is not specifically related to sports or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or vehicles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to transportation or vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance of outdoor spaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to leisure or relaxation activities?	Oracle said: It can be, but not exclusively.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction or building materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to construction or building materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with seasonal activities or events?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with seasonal activities or events.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hobbies or crafts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to hobbies or crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or protective equipment?	Oracle said: It can be, but not always.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with emergency situations or preparedness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or personal accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for protection against weather elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to headwear or hats?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to headwear or hats.	Guesser said: Is the object related to protective gear or equipment for specific activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to protective gear or equipment for specific activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hand protection or gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to hand protection or gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object related to body protection or clothing items worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to clothing items worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object related to protective clothing for outdoor activities, such as jackets or suits?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to protective clothing for outdoor activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective suit, such as a wetsuit or drysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to protective clothing used in hazardous environments, such as coveralls or overalls?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to protective clothing used in hazardous environments.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coverall or overall used for protection in hazardous environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective coverall used for activities like painting or working with chemicals?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as a protective coverall for such activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable protective coverall, like those used in painting or chemical handling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable protective coverall, designed for multiple uses in hazardous environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized protective coverall, such as those used for specific industries like firefighting or welding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of apron or smock used for protection during activities like cooking or crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of raincoat or poncho used for protection against water or rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective vest used for safety purposes, such as a high-visibility vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective clothing used for specific outdoor activities, like a life jacket or flotation device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective clothing used for activities involving dirt or mud, such as a mud suit or coverall?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as protective clothing for activities involving dirt or mud.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of waterproof or water-resistant clothing used for activities like fishing or hunting in muddy environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to protective clothing used in agricultural or farming activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to protective clothing used in industrial or construction settings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to protective clothing used in industrial or construction settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective clothing like a dust suit or coverall used in industrial settings to protect against dirt and debris?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as protective clothing in industrial settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust suit used in industrial settings to protect against dirt and debris?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective clothing used in industrial settings, such as a boiler suit or jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to technology or electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a natural environment, like a plant or a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a recreational or sports setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with construction or building sites?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving heavy materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or marking during construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or preparing materials on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping materials on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the structure being built on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting materials or tools on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing temporary structures or support on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demolition or removal on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling or communication on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking boundaries or sections on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surveying or mapping on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective barrier or fencing used on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or equipment used for manual labor on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the infrastructure or utilities on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling or warning on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing or fastening materials on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle or machinery used on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for administrative or planning purposes on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the workers or personnel on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for environmental control or management on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for waste management or disposal on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking or identifying specific areas or items on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for power generation or energy supply on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for water supply or management on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ventilation or air quality control on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing temporary shelter or housing on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative or aesthetic purposes on a construction site?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used for decorative or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in landscaping or outdoor design on a construction site?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of natural materials like stone or wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a pathway or border in landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a focal point or centerpiece in landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in water features or garden ponds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in garden sculptures or statues?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garden statue or sculpture made from stone or wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone garden statue?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a stone garden statue.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of stone garden statue, like a statue of an animal or a mythical creature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone garden statue of a mythical creature, such as a gargoyle or dragon?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a dresser or vanity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor of a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a wall or hanging in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a drawer or storage unit in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found inside a drawer or storage unit in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or personal accessories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to stationery or writing materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing stationery items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for correcting or erasing writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or binding papers together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or marking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or trimming paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying or presenting information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulletin board or corkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard or chalkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a globe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookend?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad or notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate or desk sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item used for aesthetic purposes on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document holder or clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler or measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp or light source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book or a type of reading material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a novel or fiction book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reference book or non-fiction book?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a non-fiction book.	Guesser said: Is the object an encyclopedia or dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook or educational book?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to technology or electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of nature, such as a plant or mineral?	Oracle said: No, it is not a part of nature such as a plant or mineral.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in recreational or sports settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with individual watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in kayaking or canoeing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in sailing or windsurfing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in sailing.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the equipment used to control the direction of the watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the equipment used to harness wind power?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I have successfully guessed the object. It is a sail.	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with nature or natural environments?	Oracle said: The object is not commonly associated with nature or natural environments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban or city environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any specific industry or field, such as agriculture or construction?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a specific industry or field.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the agriculture industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the transportation industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the entertainment or sports industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the mining or extraction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to the military or defense industry.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in training exercises or simulations within the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in combat or operational scenarios within the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the logistics or support functions within the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the infrastructure or facilities of the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to ceremonial or symbolic purposes within the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to research or development within the military or defense industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in testing or experimentation processes within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the development of new materials or substances within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the design or prototyping phase within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to data collection or analysis within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or information dissemination within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the safety or protective measures within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to environmental or sustainability efforts within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the advancement of weaponry or defense systems within military or defense research and development?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component or part of a weapon or defense system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a missile or rocket system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a firearm or small arms system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval or maritime defense system?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be part of a naval or maritime defense system.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a submarine or underwater defense system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a surface ship or vessel defense system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a coastal or harbor defense system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an anti-aircraft or missile defense system used in naval operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a mine or underwater explosive device used in naval operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a sonar or underwater detection system used in naval operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a torpedo or underwater weapon system used in naval operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a radar or surveillance system used in naval operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval mine countermeasure system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval artillery or gun system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval propulsion or power system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval communication or signal system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval camouflage or stealth system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval training or simulation system?	Oracle said: It can be.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval navigation or guidance system used in training or simulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval damage control or firefighting training system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval weapons training or simulation system?	Oracle said: It can be.	Guesser said: Is the object a target or dummy used in naval weapons training or simulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval electronic warfare training or simulation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a naval sonar or acoustic training or simulation system?	Oracle said: No.
sweater,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a decorative item in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people sit or lie on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for warmth or covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric or a similar material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used as a personal accessory for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw or a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn around the neck or shoulders?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be worn around the shoulders.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors for lounging or comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wrap or poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn over pajamas or sleepwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweater or cardigan?	Correct.
tiara,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an industrial or commercial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a scientific or medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a recreational or entertainment setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a theater or performance venue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an amusement park or similar attraction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a gaming or arcade setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a museum or gallery setting?	Oracle said: It can be, but it is not typically found there.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with music or musical performances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a library or educational setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific type of hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a specific type of hobby or leisure activity.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining or food-related setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a religious or spiritual setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a casino or gambling setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a zoo or aquarium setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a historical or cultural site?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with ancient civilizations or archaeological findings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be associated with ancient civilizations or archaeological findings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stone or similar materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of stone or similar materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal or similar materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with weaponry or tools from ancient times?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with currency or trade from ancient times?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with ceremonial or decorative purposes in ancient times?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with jewelry or adornments from ancient times?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ancient metal jewelry, such as a bracelet or necklace?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of ancient metal jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal brooch or pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal anklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an ancient metal tiara or headpiece?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object often found on walls or shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of glass or ceramic?	Oracle said: The object is commonly made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to hold or display other items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to frame or encase something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific time of year or holiday?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a specific time of year or holiday.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a standalone decorative piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific color or range of colors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a range of colors, often with a reflective surface.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with art or artistic expression?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be associated with art or artistic expression.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glass sculpture or decorative glass art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in pairs or groups for decoration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not often used in pairs or groups for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or material?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a natural element or material.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in construction or infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on roads or highways?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in or around buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water management or plumbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy or power distribution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for structural support in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or movement within buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to aesthetics or decoration in buildings?	Oracle said: It can be, but its primary function is not related to aesthetics or decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object related to environmental control, such as temperature or ventilation, in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the management or control of natural light in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste management or disposal in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or signage in buildings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to signage.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for directional or informational purposes in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to branding or advertising in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to emergency or safety signage in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to identifying or marking specific areas or features in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to regulatory or compliance signage in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to decorative or artistic installations in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to legal or warning signage in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the identification or labeling of utilities or services in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temporary or construction-related signage in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to commemorative or memorial signage in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cultural or historical displays in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to wayfinding or navigation aids in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to architectural or structural elements in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to barriers or partitions in buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to landscaping or outdoor design elements near buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for seating or resting in outdoor areas near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination in outdoor areas near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to pathways or walkways in outdoor areas near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water features or fountains in outdoor areas near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to plant life or gardening in outdoor areas near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to outdoor art or sculptures near buildings?	Oracle said: It can be related to outdoor settings near buildings, but it is not typically considered art or a sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fences or boundaries in outdoor areas near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to outdoor signage or displays near buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for informational or directional purposes in outdoor signage near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to promotional or advertising purposes in outdoor signage near buildings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to promotional or advertising purposes in outdoor signage near buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with large displays or billboards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to smaller promotional signs or banners near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to freestanding promotional structures or installations near buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for temporary promotional events or displays near buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pop-up tent or canopy used for promotional events near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to inflatable structures used for promotional events near buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to modular or portable display units used for promotional events near buildings?	Oracle said: No.
train,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to technology.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an industrial or commercial setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with manufacturing or production processes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a telecommunications or data center environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an aircraft or aviation technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an automobile or car technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of maritime or marine technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of railway or train technology?	Correct.
streetlight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to technology.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an industrial or manufacturing setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an outdoor environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or transportation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or broadcasting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy generation or power supply?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to energy.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with renewable energy sources?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fossil fuel energy sources?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to nuclear energy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to nuclear energy.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy storage or batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electrical power distribution or transmission?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near power lines or electrical grids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a transformer used in electrical power distribution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulator used on power lines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electrical substation equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line or cable used in electrical transmission?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electrical pole or tower used in power distribution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lightning arrester used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of circuit breaker used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of switchgear used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of capacitor bank used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grounding equipment used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of surge protector used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sensor or monitoring device used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of conductor or busbar used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of relay used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fuse used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of voltage regulator used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of current transformer used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power meter used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of control system or automation equipment used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power plant equipment used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line marker used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective relay used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grounding rod used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line insulator used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of communication tower or antenna used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line sensor used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line spacer used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line crossarm used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line tensioner used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line tower or pylon used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line marker ball used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line vibration damper used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electrical power system monitoring equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line hardware fitting used in electrical power systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drone or unmanned aerial vehicle used for power line inspection?	Oracle said: No.
incubator,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to technology.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an industrial or commercial setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in an industrial or commercial setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in manufacturing or production processes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in manufacturing or production processes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of machinery or equipment used in factories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or controlling industrial processes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting or handling materials in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or protective measures in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or data transmission in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for energy generation or power supply in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for testing or quality control in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to automation or robotics in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: It can be, but not exclusively.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sensor or detector used in various applications, including industrial settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in maintenance or repair activities in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to computing or data processing in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or device used for measurement in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to material handling or logistics in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of software or program used in industrial settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component or device used in various technological applications, including industrial settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of electronic device used in various applications, including industrial settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used in power conversion or regulation in electronic systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in signal processing or amplification in electronic systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of display or interface device used in electronic systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for connectivity or networking in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for data storage or memory in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for timing or synchronization in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for protection or circuit isolation in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for input or output in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for control or regulation in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for heating or cooling in various applications?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for cooling in electronic systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for heating in electronic systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for heating in industrial applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for cooling in industrial applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for temperature regulation in various applications?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermostat or temperature sensor used in various applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for temperature regulation in electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for temperature regulation in HVAC systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for temperature regulation in laboratory or scientific equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component used for temperature regulation in laboratory ovens or incubators?	Correct.
lever,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: It can be found both outdoors and indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific profession or industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the construction industry?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to the construction industry.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used by construction workers?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used by construction workers.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for measuring or leveling in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving materials in construction?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for lifting or moving materials in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crane or hoist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of manual lifting tool, like a jack or dolly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pulley system used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to scaffolding or platforms used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of strap or harness used for lifting or moving materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any specific type of construction material handling, like transporting bricks or concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container or receptacle used for carrying materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal protective equipment used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temporary structures or supports used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the demolition process in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the finishing or detailing phase of construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or emergency equipment used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to earthmoving or excavation in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temporary power or lighting in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of rigging or support system used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wheelbarrow or cart used for moving materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the handling or transportation of heavy materials in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of forklift or similar equipment used for lifting and moving heavy materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of conveyor system used for moving heavy materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crane accessory or attachment used for lifting heavy materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of beam or structural support used for moving heavy materials in construction?	Oracle said: Yes, a lever can be related to beams or structural supports used for moving heavy materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lever used for lifting or moving heavy materials in construction?	Correct.
yacht,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of nature, such as a plant or mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a recreational or sports setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in multiple recreational activities or sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in water-related recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety purposes in water-related activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation in water-related activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with personal or small group use in water-related activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in activities such as kayaking or canoeing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in activities like surfing or paddleboarding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in activities involving sailing or windsurfing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a sailboat or similar vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control or steer in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to harness wind power in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail used in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a sail to harness wind power in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mast used in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boom used in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rigging used in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of line or rope used in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board used in windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory or component that aids in the stability or performance of a sail or windsurfing equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach or secure the sail to the vessel or board in sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or gear worn by individuals during sailing or windsurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sail used in kitesurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a sail to harness wind power in kitesurfing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sail used in land sailing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a sail to harness wind power in land sailing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in ice sailing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a sail to harness wind power in ice sailing activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in kiteboarding activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a sail to harness wind power in kiteboarding activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in yachting activities?	Correct.
cannon,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with nature or natural environments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with nature or natural environments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban or man-made environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or transportation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in public spaces or infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in public spaces or infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction or building materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to recreational activities or leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to public safety or utilities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to advertising or signage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to public seating or furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste management or disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to landscaping or urban beautification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation infrastructure, like roads or bridges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to street lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to public art or monuments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to monuments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stone or metal?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a commemorative plaque or marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a historical monument or landmark?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be part of a historical monument or landmark.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a structural element or support in monuments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a decorative element in monuments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often found as part of gates or railings in historical monuments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found as part of the detailing or embellishments on historical buildings or monuments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found as part of memorials or commemorative structures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in the form of plaques or inscriptions on memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in the form of statues or figures in memorials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bronze statue often found in memorials or historical monuments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue or figure, other than bronze, often found in memorials or historical monuments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found as part of war memorials or military commemorations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in the form of a metal sculpture representing military equipment or symbols in war memorials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a soldier's helmet or weapon commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a military vehicle or artillery piece commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a flag or emblem commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a cross or religious symbol commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of an eternal flame or torch commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a wreath or laurel commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a bell commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a chain or link commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a poppy or flower commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of an eagle or bird commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a sword or weaponry symbol commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a human figure or group of figures commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a shield or armor commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a victory arch or similar structure commonly found in war memorials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture of a cannon or artillery piece commonly found in war memorials?	Correct.
radio,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found on a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a traditional landline telephone system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording or playing back audio?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing back audio.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in conjunction with a computer or other digital device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable and can be used independently without being connected to other devices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of radio or audio player?	Correct.
popgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or storage area?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be typically found in a garage or storage area.	Guesser said: Is the object related to tools or maintenance equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening or yard work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to vehicles or automotive use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance of the household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hobbies or crafts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for artistic or creative activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific type of hobby or craft, such as woodworking or model building?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically related to a hobby or craft like woodworking or model building.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves collecting or organizing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves physical activity or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves creating or constructing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft that involves playing or entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in board games or tabletop games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in card games or similar activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in outdoor games or activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve flying or throwing objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve movement or physical skill?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve balancing or coordination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve racing or speed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve jumping or hopping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve strategy or problem-solving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve teamwork or collaboration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve solo play or individual performance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in games or activities that can involve solo play.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve precision or accuracy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in games or activities that involve aiming or targeting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dartboard or related to darts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dartboard or related to darts.	Guesser said: Is the object related to archery or used in archery activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to archery or used in archery activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to shooting or used in shooting activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in airsoft or paintball activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in target shooting or practice shooting activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of target used for shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment or accessory used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stand or support used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition or projectile used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or device used to enhance accuracy in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of case or container used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sight or scope used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning or maintenance tool used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of target holder or frame used in shooting practice?	Oracle said: No.
streetcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to technology.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or workplace setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or transportation system?	Oracle said: Yes, it is part of a transportation system.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a ship or boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a spacecraft or related to space travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bicycle or related to cycling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a bicycle or related to cycling.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a public transportation system, like a bus or tram?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the electronic systems used for ticketing or fare collection in public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the electronic systems used for navigation or communication in public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the electronic systems used for passenger information or announcements in public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the electronic systems used for safety or monitoring in public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the electronic systems used for vehicle operation or control in public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic braking system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic propulsion or drive system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic steering or directional control system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic door control system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic suspension or leveling system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic lighting or signaling system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic climate control or HVAC system in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for power distribution or energy management in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for automatic or autonomous operation in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for monitoring or diagnostics in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for passenger counting or load management in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for driver assistance or feedback in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for entertainment or media in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for fare validation or card readers in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for wireless communication or connectivity in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for emergency response or alerting in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for scheduling or route management in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for internal communication between staff or crew in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for data collection or analytics in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for vehicle diagnostics or maintenance alerts in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for anti-theft or security in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the fuel or energy source in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the engine or motor in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for the transmission or gearbox in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for the suspension or shock absorption in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for the hydraulic or pneumatic systems in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the electrical systems in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the braking systems in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for the air conditioning or ventilation in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the lighting systems in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the steering systems in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the passenger doors in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the vehicle's speed or acceleration in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the electronic system used for controlling or monitoring the vehicle's overall performance or efficiency in public transportation vehicles?	Oracle said: No.
laser,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or workplace setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: Not typically.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a part of a larger machine or system.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in industrial or manufacturing environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in automation or control systems?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in automation or control systems.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sensor or actuator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to power supply or distribution within a system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in data processing or communication within a system?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be involved in communication within a system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of network or communication interface device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component used in control panels or control systems?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as a component in control panels or control systems.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of relay or switch used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of programmable logic controller (PLC) or similar device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of display or indicator used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of connector or terminal block used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of circuit board or module used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wiring or cabling used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of enclosure or housing used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of transformer or converter used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fuse or circuit breaker used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of motor or drive used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of timer or counter used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of human-machine interface (HMI) device used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of software or firmware component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of communication protocol or standard used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of memory or storage device used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cooling or ventilation component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of interface or adapter used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of emergency stop or safety device used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of antenna or signal booster used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of controller or regulator used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power supply or battery backup used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cable management or organization tool used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sensor or transducer used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of communication cable or wire used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mounting or installation hardware used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting or illumination component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of alarm or alert system used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of industrial computer or server used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grounding or earthing component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of data logger or recording device used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of industrial robot or robotic component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of software or programming tool used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of input device used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electrical component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mechanical component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective or safety enclosure used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of interface or user interaction component used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of communication or networking equipment used in control systems?	Oracle said: No.