airship,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide transportation through the air.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for commercial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to carry passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of carrying a large number of passengers at once?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is capable of carrying a large number of passengers at once.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for long-distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for long-distance travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No, it is not a commercial airplane.	Guesser said: Is the object used for space travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for space travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helicopter?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of helicopter.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cargo transportation in addition to carrying passengers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for cargo transportation in addition to carrying passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of airship or blimp?	Oracle said: Correct.
photocopier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to make copies of documents and images.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in an office environment.	Guesser said: Does the object also have the capability to scan documents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object does have the capability to scan documents.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of printing documents as well?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is capable of printing documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a multifunction printer?	Oracle said: No, it is not a multifunction printer.	Guesser said: Does the object have the ability to send faxes?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have the ability to send faxes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for high-volume copying tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for high-volume copying tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to receive and alert the user to messages or notifications.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a stationary location or is it portable?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source to function, such as batteries or charging?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires an external power source to function, such as batteries.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for personal communication.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of sending messages as well as receiving them?	Oracle said: No, the object is not capable of sending messages. It can only receive them.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to receive audio notifications or alerts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used to receive notifications or alerts, but not specifically audio notifications.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to receive visual notifications or alerts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used to receive notifications or alerts.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to receive and play audio broadcasts.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal or group listening?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for both personal and group listening.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or typically stationary?	Oracle said: The object is typically stationary, but there are portable versions available.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires an external power source to function.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of receiving digital broadcasts, analog broadcasts, or both?	Oracle said: The object is capable of receiving both digital and analog broadcasts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in homes, offices, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in both homes and offices.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullhorn,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to amplify sound, particularly speech, to reach a larger audience.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in live performances or events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in live performances or events.	Guesser said: Is the object portable and can it be easily moved from one location to another?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be easily moved from one location to another.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by musicians or public speakers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used by public speakers.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microphone.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No, the object does not require an external power source to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct sound in a specific direction?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to direct sound in a specific direction.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to distribute water over an area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agricultural settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in agricultural settings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or does it move to distribute water?	Oracle said: The object typically remains stationary while distributing water.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for watering lawns or gardens?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for watering lawns or gardens.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sprinkler?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to be fired from a firearm to hit a target.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cause damage upon impact?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to cause damage upon impact.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for hunting, self-defense, or military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used primarily for hunting, self-defense, and military purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition, such as a bullet or a shell?	Oracle said: Correct.
barometer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to measure atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: Is the object used in weather forecasting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in weather forecasting.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in meteorological stations?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in meteorological stations.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
gearshift,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to change gears in a vehicle, allowing the driver to control the speed and torque.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found inside the vehicle's cabin?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is typically found inside the vehicle's cabin.	Guesser said: Is this object operated manually by the driver?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is operated manually by the driver.	Guesser said: Is this object used in vehicles with manual transmissions?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is used in vehicles with manual transmissions.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear shift lever or gear stick?	Oracle said: Correct.
photograph,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to capture and preserve visual memories or moments.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for personal or professional purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for both personal and professional purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld or stationary when in use?	Oracle said: The object is typically handheld when in use.	Guesser said: Does the object require any power source to function?	Oracle said: No, the object does not require any power source to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used with any other materials or accessories to perform its function?	Oracle said: No, the object does not require any other materials or accessories to perform its function.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of capturing color images, or does it capture in black and white?	Oracle said: The object itself does not capture images, whether in color or black and white.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist in the process of capturing visual memories or moments?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not used to assist in capturing visual memories or moments.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or display visual memories or moments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to display visual memories or moments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to display a single visual memory or multiple visual memories at once?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to display a single visual memory.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in homes or offices?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in homes or offices.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No, it is not a picture frame.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display visual memories in a protective manner?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to display visual memories, but it is not inherently protective.	Guesser said: Is the object a photo album?	Oracle said: No, it is not a photo album.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display visual memories on a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to display visual memories on a flat surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.
intercom,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to facilitate communication between different areas or rooms, often within a building.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for audio communication.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in residential buildings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in residential buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication between different floors of a building?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication between different floors of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom system?	Oracle said: Correct.
laptop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to perform computing tasks, such as running software applications, browsing the internet, and processing data.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal or professional computing tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for personal or professional computing tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object portable and designed for use on the go?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and designed for use on the go.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily operated through a touchscreen interface?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily operated through a touchscreen interface.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily operated using a keyboard and trackpad or mouse?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily operated using a keyboard and trackpad or mouse.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop computer?	Oracle said: Correct.
amplifier,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to increase the power of a signal, making it stronger.	Guesser said: Is the object used in audio systems to enhance sound quality?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in audio systems to enhance sound quality.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in home audio systems or professional audio setups?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in both home audio systems and professional audio setups.	Guesser said: Is the object responsible for driving speakers by providing them with sufficient power?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is responsible for driving speakers by providing them with sufficient power.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio amplifier?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to play music.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music in a specific format or medium?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music in a specific format or medium.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from physical media, such as vinyl records, CDs, or tapes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music from physical media.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically used to play vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to play vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from CDs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to play music from CDs.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from cassette tapes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to play music from cassette tapes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a less common physical medium, such as 8-track tapes or mini-discs?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music from a less common physical medium.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from 8-track tapes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to play music from 8-track tapes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from mini-discs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to play music from mini-discs.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from reel-to-reel tapes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to play music from reel-to-reel tapes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a digital physical medium, such as a USB or memory card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to play music from a digital physical medium like a USB or memory card.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a physical medium that involves optical technology, like laserdiscs?	Oracle said: No, the object does not use optical technology like laserdiscs to play music.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a physical medium that involves magnetic technology, such as DAT (Digital Audio Tape)?	Oracle said: No, the object does not use magnetic technology like DAT to play music.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a physical medium that involves a unique or niche technology?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music from a physical medium and involves a unique or niche technology.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a medium that uses grooves or etchings, such as an Edison cylinder?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music from a medium that uses grooves or etchings.	Guesser said: Is the object a phonograph designed to play Edison cylinders?	Oracle said: No, it is not a phonograph designed to play Edison cylinders.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music from a medium similar to Edison cylinders, but not specifically Edison cylinders?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music from a medium similar to Edison cylinders, but not specifically Edison cylinders.	Guesser said: Is the object a gramophone designed to play Pathé discs or similar lateral-cut disc records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gramophone designed to play Pathé discs or similar lateral-cut disc records.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play Dictaphone cylinders or similar recording cylinders?	Oracle said: No, it is not a player designed to play Dictaphone cylinders or similar recording cylinders.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play Tefifon cartridges, which use a continuous plastic band with grooves?	Oracle said: No, it is not a player designed to play Tefifon cartridges.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play Berliner discs or similar early disc records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically designed to play Berliner discs or similar early disc records.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play a niche or experimental cylinder format other than Edison or Dictaphone cylinders?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a player designed to play a niche or experimental cylinder format.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play wire recordings, which use a thin wire to record sound?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a player designed to play wire recordings.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play a specific type of etched or grooved disc that is not commonly known or used today?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to play a specific type of etched or grooved disc that is not commonly used today.	Guesser said: Is the object a player designed to play shellac records, which were common before the widespread use of vinyl records?	Oracle said: Yes, a jukebox can play shellac records, which were common before vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox designed to play shellac records?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is for leisure and recreation, often involving sailing or cruising on water.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for individual activities or group activities?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for group activities.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by wind, engine, or both?	Oracle said: The object can be powered by both wind and engine.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in freshwater or saltwater environments?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used in saltwater environments.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for long-distance travel or short excursions?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used for both long-distance travel and short excursions.	Guesser said: Is the object often equipped with living accommodations for extended trips?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often equipped with living accommodations for extended trips.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.
fuse,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to protect electrical circuits by interrupting the flow of electricity when a fault or overload occurs.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in residential or commercial electrical systems?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in both residential and commercial electrical systems.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be manually reset after it interrupts the flow of electricity?	Oracle said: No, the object does not need to be manually reset after it interrupts the flow of electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be a one-time use device, needing replacement after it interrupts the flow of electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to be a one-time use device, needing replacement after it interrupts the flow of electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to tow or push ships and barges.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in harbors or open waters?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used in harbors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically operated by a crew?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically operated by a crew.	Guesser said: Is the object used for assisting in docking and undocking of larger vessels?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for assisting in docking and undocking of larger vessels.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
website,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide information, services, or entertainment to users through the internet.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for accessing the internet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used primarily for accessing the internet.	Guesser said: Is the object portable, allowing users to access the internet from different locations?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be accessed from different locations via the internet.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen for displaying information or content to the user?	Oracle said: No, the object itself does not have a screen for displaying information or content to the user.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily a device that connects other devices to the internet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily a device that connects other devices to the internet.	Guesser said: Does the object function as a tool for facilitating communication over the internet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can function as a tool for facilitating communication over the internet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending and receiving electronic messages?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for sending and receiving electronic messages.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for email communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for email communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for real-time text-based communication, such as instant messaging or chat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for real-time text-based communication, such as instant messaging or chat.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical device like a smartphone or computer accessory used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical device like a smartphone or computer accessory used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical infrastructure component that supports internet-based communication, such as a server or data center equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical infrastructure component like a server or data center equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of physical medium or material that facilitates internet-based communication, such as a cable or fiber optic line?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of physical medium or material that facilitates internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a peripheral device that enhances internet-based communication, such as a microphone or webcam?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a peripheral device that enhances internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of networking hardware, like a router or modem, that assists in internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of networking hardware like a router or modem.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical item that is commonly used in conjunction with internet-based communication, such as a headset or speaker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical item used in conjunction with internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a tangible item that serves a specific function related to internet-based communication, despite not being a device or infrastructure component?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tangible item.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical representation or storage medium for digital communication, such as a printed document or storage device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical representation or storage medium for digital communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any way to facilitate voice or video communication over the internet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to facilitate voice or video communication over the internet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wearable technology that assists in internet-based communication, such as a smartwatch or smart glasses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of wearable technology.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of physical tool or instrument that assists in capturing or transmitting audio or video for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of physical tool or instrument for capturing or transmitting audio or video.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical medium or item that is part of a communication system, even if it is not directly involved in the transmission of data?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical medium or item.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical device that can be used to facilitate internet-based communication, such as a computer or smartphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of physical accessory or add-on that enhances the functionality of a device used for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of physical accessory or add-on.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical material or substance that plays a role in internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical material or substance.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any way to facilitate the storage or retrieval of data for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to facilitate the storage or retrieval of data for internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of physical storage device, like a hard drive or USB stick, used for storing data related to internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of physical storage device.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical component or part of a larger system that assists in data storage or retrieval for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical component or part of a larger system for data storage or retrieval.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of physical medium that is used for data transmission or storage, such as a disk or tape?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of physical medium used for data transmission or storage like a disk or tape.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical infrastructure element that supports data storage or retrieval for internet-based communication, such as a server rack or cooling system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical infrastructure element like a server rack or cooling system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of physical equipment or machinery that aids in the processing or handling of data for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of physical equipment or machinery.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical representation or tool used for organizing or managing data related to internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical representation or tool used for organizing or managing data related to internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical item that can be directly interacted with or manipulated by users to facilitate internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical item.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be physically touched or handled by users?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be physically touched or handled by users.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with any physical devices to facilitate internet-based communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in conjunction with physical devices to facilitate internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is used for internet-based communication, cannot be physically touched or handled, and is used in conjunction with physical devices, I guess the object is a type of software or application used for communication, such as a messaging app or video conferencing software.	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a messaging app or video conferencing software, but it is related to internet-based communication and is used in conjunction with physical devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a necessary component for the operation of physical devices used in internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a necessary component for the operation of physical devices used in internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a supplementary element that enhances or optimizes the performance of physical devices used in internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a supplementary element that enhances or optimizes the performance of physical devices used in internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the user interface or user experience of physical devices used for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a part of the user interface or user experience of physical devices used for internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical item that serves as an intermediary or connector between different devices used for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical item that serves as an intermediary or connector between different devices used for internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory or attachment that can be added to a device to assist with internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an accessory or attachment for a device.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the security or encryption of internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not directly involved in the security or encryption of internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical device or material that can be used to enhance or enable internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical device or material.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical tool or equipment that aids in internet-based communication, even if it is not essential?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical tool or equipment.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is used for internet-based communication, cannot be physically touched or handled, and is used in conjunction with physical devices, I guess the object is a type of cloud-based service or platform that facilitates communication, such as a communication protocol or cloud infrastructure.	Oracle said: Incorrect. The object is not specifically a cloud-based service or platform, communication protocol, or cloud infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical device or material that plays a role in internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a physical device or material.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is used for internet-based communication, cannot be physically touched or handled, is not a physical device, material, or accessory, and is used in conjunction with physical devices, I guess the object is a virtual assistant or digital assistant that facilitates communication.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical entity that has any direct role in facilitating internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not a physical entity.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in any way with the hardware that facilitates internet-based communication?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not involved with the hardware that facilitates internet-based communication.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is used for internet-based communication, cannot be physically touched or handled, is not a physical device, material, or accessory, and is used in conjunction with physical devices, I guess the object is a web browser.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with any specific type of physical device for internet-based communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often accessed using devices such as computers, smartphones, or tablets for internet-based communication.
compass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to determine direction.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for navigation purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in outdoor environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in outdoor environments.	Guesser said: Is the object used to determine direction based on the Earth's magnetic field?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to determine direction based on the Earth's magnetic field.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedometer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to measure and display the speed of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found inside a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is typically found inside a vehicle.	Guesser said: Does this object provide real-time speed information to the driver?	Oracle said: Yes, it does provide real-time speed information to the driver.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly referred to as a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.