windmill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to convert wind energy into mechanical energy, often for the purpose of generating electricity or performing tasks like grinding grain or pumping water.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for generating electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for generating electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in large groups or farms?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often found in large groups or farms.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind turbine.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of energy conversion or task other than generating electricity?	Oracle said: The primary purpose of the object is to convert wind energy into mechanical energy, which can then be used to generate electricity. However, historically, it has also been used for tasks such as grinding grain or pumping water.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct.
grenade,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for scientific or educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic or creative activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measurement or calculation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for illumination or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for relaxation or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of work or task completion?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task, primarily in military or combat situations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching or firing projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for launching or causing an explosion.	Guesser said: Is the object used for detonating explosives?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for detonating explosives.	Guesser said: Is the object a detonator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a detonator.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching explosive devices?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to launch an explosive device.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade launcher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a grenade launcher.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching missiles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching missiles.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching rockets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching rockets.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching mortars?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching mortars.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching torpedoes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching torpedoes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching artillery shells?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching artillery shells.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching fireworks or similar pyrotechnics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching fireworks or similar pyrotechnics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching grenades?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching grenades.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching depth charges?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching depth charges.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching explosive charges in demolition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for launching explosive charges in demolition.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching explosive devices from aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching explosive devices from aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching explosive devices from a stationary position?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching explosive devices from a stationary position.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching explosive devices from a handheld position?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for launching explosive devices from a handheld position.	Guesser said: Is the object a bazooka?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bazooka.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) launcher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) launcher.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld grenade launcher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld grenade launcher.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld anti-tank weapon?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld anti-tank weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld flamethrower?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld flamethrower.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld explosive device like a grenade?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for measurement or calculation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for artistic or creative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for artistic or creative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for gardening or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for gardening or outdoor activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for leisure or relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for leisure or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for educational or learning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for educational or learning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for illumination or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for financial or monetary transactions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for financial or monetary transactions.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for agricultural purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sports or physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for timekeeping or scheduling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for timekeeping or scheduling.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for scientific research or experimentation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for scientific research or experimentation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for religious or spiritual purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for religious or spiritual purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation of goods or materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transportation of goods or materials.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for heating or cooling.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for hunting or fishing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for hunting or fishing.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for security or surveillance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for security or surveillance.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for energy generation or power supply?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for energy generation or power supply.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for navigation or orientation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for navigation or orientation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for waste disposal or recycling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for waste disposal or recycling.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for fastening or joining things together?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for fastening or joining things together.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for signaling or alerting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for signaling or alerting.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for support or stabilization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for support or stabilization.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cutting or slicing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cutting or slicing.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for carrying or holding liquids?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for carrying or holding liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for music or sound production?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for music or sound production.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for clothing or apparel purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for clothing or apparel purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational or hobby activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational or hobby activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for holding or supporting items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for holding or supporting items.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for connecting or networking devices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for connecting or networking devices.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for seating or resting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for seating or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for exercising or fitness activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for exercising or fitness activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation of people?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transportation of people.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for controlling or regulating something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for controlling or regulating something.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for holding or containing something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for holding or containing something.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for fastening or securing something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for fastening or securing something.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for displaying or showcasing something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for displaying or showcasing something.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for breaking or demolishing something?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for breaking or demolishing things, particularly in a historical or military context.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used as a weapon or for combat purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used as a weapon or for combat purposes.
hearse,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to transport deceased individuals, typically from a funeral home to a cemetery or burial site.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any other functions besides transporting deceased individuals?	Oracle said: No, the primary function of the object is to transport deceased individuals.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a ceremonial or formal context?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a ceremonial or formal context.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to accommodate multiple deceased individuals at once, or is it typically used for one individual at a time?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for one individual at a time.	Guesser said: Is the object motorized or does it require external power to function?	Oracle said: The object is motorized.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by funeral homes or similar services?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used by funeral homes or similar services.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct.
jet,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or cargo?	Oracle said: The object can be used for transporting goods or cargo, but it is primarily designed for transporting people.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation on water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation in the air?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation in the air.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for commercial air travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for commercial air travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of airplane?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of airplane.	Guesser said: Is the object used for long-haul international flights?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for long-haul international flights.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial passenger jet?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a commercial passenger jet.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting a large number of passengers over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting a large number of passengers over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a commercial airliner.	Guesser said: Is the object used for specialized air travel, such as cargo or military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for specialized air travel, including cargo or military purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cargo aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a military aircraft?	Oracle said: It can be, but not exclusively.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aerial refueling?	Oracle said: Some jets are specifically designed for aerial refueling, but not all jets have this capability.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-role aircraft that can be used for both passenger transport and military purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for passenger transport, but it is primarily designed for other purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for emergency medical services or search and rescue operations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for emergency medical services or search and rescue operations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reconnaissance or surveillance purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for reconnaissance or surveillance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reconnaissance aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reconnaissance aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object used for electronic warfare or intelligence gathering?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for electronic warfare or intelligence gathering.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic warfare aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an electronic warfare aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drone or unmanned aerial vehicle used for intelligence and surveillance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of drone or unmanned aerial vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a spy plane used for intelligence gathering and surveillance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a spy plane used for intelligence gathering and surveillance.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of aircraft that can be used for both intelligence gathering and other specialized missions, such as AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System)?	Oracle said: Yes, a jet can be used for intelligence gathering and specialized missions, including AWACS.	Guesser said: Is the object an AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System) aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an AWACS aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signals intelligence (SIGINT) or electronic intelligence (ELINT) operations?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for signals intelligence (SIGINT) or electronic intelligence (ELINT) operations.	Guesser said: Is the object a SIGINT or ELINT aircraft designed for gathering electronic signals and intelligence?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a SIGINT or ELINT aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both intelligence gathering and transporting personnel for specialized missions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for both intelligence gathering and transporting personnel for specialized missions.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-mission aircraft that can perform intelligence gathering, electronic warfare, and transport personnel, such as a modified version of a commercial jet for military use?	Oracle said: The object can be used for multiple missions, including transport, but it is not specifically a modified version for military use.	Guesser said: Is the object a business jet that can be configured for intelligence gathering and transporting personnel for specialized missions?	Oracle said: Yes, a jet can be configured for intelligence gathering and transporting personnel for specialized missions.	Guesser said: Is the object a business jet used for intelligence gathering and transporting personnel for specialized missions?	Oracle said: The object is a jet, but not specifically a business jet used for intelligence gathering and transporting personnel for specialized missions.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet that can be used for both commercial purposes and specialized missions, such as intelligence gathering and personnel transport?	Oracle said: Yes, a jet can indeed be used for both commercial purposes and specialized missions, including intelligence gathering and personnel transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a versatile jet that can be adapted for both commercial passenger service and specialized missions like intelligence gathering and personnel transport, such as a Boeing 737 or similar aircraft?	Oracle said: The object is a jet, but it is not specifically a Boeing 737 or similar commercial aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet commonly used for both commercial and specialized missions, such as a Gulfstream or similar aircraft?	Oracle said: The object is a jet, but it is not specifically a Gulfstream or similar aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet that is often used for both commercial and specialized missions, such as a Learjet or similar aircraft?	Oracle said: Correct.
ammunition,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect individuals from physical harm?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to protect individuals from physical harm.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure or protect property or belongings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to secure or protect property or belongings.	Guesser said: Is the object used to detect or alert individuals to potential dangers or hazards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to detect or alert individuals to potential dangers or hazards.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control or manage access to certain areas or items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to control or manage access to certain areas or items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to ensure safety in a specific environment or situation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to ensure safety.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an emergency situation?	Oracle said: It can be used in emergency situations, particularly those involving defense or survival.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling or communication in emergency situations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for signaling or communication in emergency situations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing shelter or protection in emergency situations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing shelter or protection in emergency situations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing tools or resources for survival in emergency situations?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a resource for survival in certain emergency situations, particularly those involving defense or hunting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting or capturing food in survival situations?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for hunting in survival situations.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon or tool used for hunting, such as a knife or bow?	Oracle said: The object is not a weapon or tool used for hunting like a knife or bow, but it is related to weaponry.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or carry ammunition or projectiles for hunting?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is ammunition, not something used to store or carry it.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of projectile or ammunition used in hunting, such as an arrow or bullet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet used in firearms for hunting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in firearms for hunting.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a bullet designed for hunting purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for hunting purposes, but it is not specifically limited to that use.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose bullet that can be used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a general-purpose bullet suitable for both hunting and defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard rifle bullet, such as a .308 or .30-06, used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a standard rifle bullet used for hunting and defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a .308 rifle bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a .308 rifle bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a .30-06 rifle bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a .30-06 rifle bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a 5.56 NATO rifle bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but I am not specifying a particular caliber or use.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose rifle bullet that can be used in various calibers for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but it is not specific to a general-purpose rifle bullet for various calibers.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun shell that can be used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but I cannot specify if it is a shotgun shell or its specific uses yet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition that can be used in both rifles and shotguns for hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of ammunition that can be used in both rifles and shotguns.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition specifically used in handguns for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of ammunition used in handguns for both hunting and defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a 9mm handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a 9mm handgun bullet, but it is related to ammunition in general.	Guesser said: Is the object a .45 ACP handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but I cannot specify the caliber or specific use yet.	Guesser said: Is the object a .357 Magnum handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a .357 Magnum handgun bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a .44 Magnum handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a .44 Magnum handgun bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a .40 S&W handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ammunition, but you need to be more specific about the exact type or name of the ammunition to guess correctly.	Guesser said: Is the object a hollow point .40 S&W handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a hollow point .40 S&W handgun bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a full metal jacket .40 S&W handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a full metal jacket .40 S&W handgun bullet, but it is related to ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of .40 S&W handgun bullet, such as a jacketed hollow point, used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a specialized type of .40 S&W handgun bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard .40 S&W handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but not specifically a .40 S&W handgun bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition used in handguns that is versatile for both hunting and defense, but not specific to any particular caliber or type?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ammunition that can be used in handguns and is versatile for both hunting and defense, but it is not specific to any particular caliber or type.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose handgun ammunition that is commonly used for both hunting and defense, such as a lead round nose or semi-wadcutter?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but it is not specified to be a general-purpose handgun ammunition like a lead round nose or semi-wadcutter.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition that is designed for versatility in handguns, such as a frangible or multi-purpose round?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of ammunition designed for versatility in handguns, such as a frangible or multi-purpose round.	Guesser said: Is the object a frangible handgun round designed for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a frangible handgun round designed for both hunting and defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-purpose handgun round designed for both hunting and defense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a multi-purpose handgun round designed for both hunting and defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition that is designed to expand upon impact, like a hollow point, but not specific to any particular caliber?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ammunition that can include designs like hollow points, which are intended to expand upon impact, but it is not specific to any particular caliber.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose hollow point handgun bullet used for both hunting and defense, regardless of caliber?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a general-purpose hollow point handgun bullet.
truck,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in maritime transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in maritime transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in land transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in land transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for long-distance transportation of goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for long-distance transportation of goods.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transporting goods on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods in large quantities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting goods in large quantities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of truck used for transporting goods over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting goods over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a semi-trailer truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a semi-trailer truck.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods in urban areas as well as long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting goods in urban areas as well as long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery van used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a delivery van.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: The object is a type of truck, but not specifically a box truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: The object is a type of truck, but it is not specifically a flatbed truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated truck used for transporting perishable goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a refrigerated truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a dump truck used for transporting loose materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a dump truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker truck used for transporting liquids or gases?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a tanker truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck used for transporting vehicles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a tow truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck used for transporting waste?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a garbage truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, a pickup truck can be used for transporting goods, but the object I'm thinking of is more general than just a pickup truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose truck used for various types of goods transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for general-purpose transportation of various types of goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo truck used for transporting a wide range of goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting a wide range of goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a lorry used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a freight truck used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: The object is a type of truck, but not specifically a box truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel truck used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a panel truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general cargo truck used for transporting various types of goods over different distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a general freight truck used for transporting various types of goods over different distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting various types of goods over different distances.	Guesser said: Is the object a general utility truck used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose utility vehicle used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general-purpose utility vehicle used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose utility truck used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo van used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cargo van.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose truck, such as a medium-duty truck, used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general-purpose truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a medium-duty truck used for transporting a variety of goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, a truck can be used for transporting a variety of goods and materials, including medium-duty trucks.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty truck used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting a wide range of goods and materials over various distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be described as a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle used for transporting goods and materials, which fits the description of a truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, such as a box truck or a flatbed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be described as a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, like a stake bed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, such as a stake bed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, like a flatbed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, such as a stake bed truck or flatbed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, like a flatbed truck or a stake bed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, such as a flatbed truck or a stake bed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, like a flatbed truck or a stake bed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be described as a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials over various distances, such as a flatbed truck or a stake bed truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck, such as a flatbed truck or a stake bed truck, used for transporting goods and materials over various distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be described as a general-purpose medium-duty utility truck used for transporting goods and materials.
revolver,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: It can be used for entertainment, such as in shooting sports or films, but that is not its primary purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: It can be used for safety or protection, but it is primarily designed for other purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or building.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for hunting or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for sports or physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or calculations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for maintenance or repair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical or health-related purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for medical or health-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic or creative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for artistic or creative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for generating or providing energy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for generating or providing energy.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cutting or shaping materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food serving?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food serving.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing or recording images or sounds?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for capturing or recording images or sounds.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing light or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing light or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for gardening or agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or surveillance?	Oracle said: The object can be used for security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for defense or combat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for defense or combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weapon?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ranged combat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for ranged combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a firearm.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal defense?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often used for personal defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a handgun?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of handgun.	Guesser said: Is the object a revolver?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for verbal communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for written communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for written communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digital communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for digital communication.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for sending emails?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for sending emails.	Guesser said: Is the object used for instant messaging or texting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for sending short messages.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for social media communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for social media communication.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for sending SMS or text messages on mobile phones?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for sending SMS or text messages on mobile phones.	Guesser said: Is the object used for professional or business communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for professional or business communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for team collaboration or project management?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for team collaboration or project management.	Guesser said: Is the object used for secure or encrypted communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for secure or encrypted communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for customer support or service communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for communication in customer support or service contexts.	Guesser said: Is the object a live chat or messaging platform used on websites for customer service?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a live chat or messaging platform used on websites for customer service.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending notifications or alerts in a business context?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for sending notifications or alerts in a business context.	Guesser said: Is the object an email notification system used for business alerts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an email notification system used for business alerts.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager or beeper used for sending short alerts or notifications in a business context?	Oracle said: Correct.
robot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Not primarily, but some robots can be used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, robots can be used in households, especially in the form of robotic vacuum cleaners or personal assistants.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for vacuuming floors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for vacuuming floors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal assistance or automation of tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal assistance or automation of tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for managing schedules or reminders?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for managing schedules or reminders.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or security purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for monitoring or security purposes, but that is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for entertainment or leisure activities, but that is not its primary purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for controlling smart home devices or systems?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for controlling smart home devices or systems.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for educational purposes or learning assistance?	Oracle said: The object can be used for educational purposes or learning assistance, but that is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cooking or food preparation tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for lawn care or gardening tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for lawn care or gardening tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for companionship or social interaction?	Oracle said: The object can be used for companionship or social interaction, but that is not its primary purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for physical assistance or mobility support?	Oracle said: The object can be used for physical assistance, but its primary function is not specifically for mobility support.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assisting with physical tasks or chores around the house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for assisting with physical tasks or chores around the house.	Guesser said: Is the object a robotic assistant designed to help with various household chores?	Oracle said: It can be, as robots can be designed for various purposes, including household chores.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for lifting or moving objects within the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for lifting or moving objects within the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cleaning specific areas or surfaces other than floors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning specific areas or surfaces other than floors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assisting with laundry or clothing-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for assisting with laundry or clothing-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assisting with dishwashing or kitchen-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for assisting with dishwashing or kitchen-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for organizing or tidying up spaces within the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for organizing or tidying up spaces within the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for air purification or improving air quality in the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for air purification or improving air quality in the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for providing alerts or notifications within the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for providing alerts or notifications within the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for pet care or interaction?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for pet care or interaction.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for helping with home maintenance or repair tasks?	Oracle said: The object can be used for home maintenance or repair tasks, but it is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for health monitoring or wellness assistance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for health monitoring or wellness assistance.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assisting with tasks related to home security or surveillance?	Oracle said: The object can be used for tasks related to home security or surveillance, but that is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for interacting with other electronic devices or systems in the house?	Oracle said: The object can interact with electronic devices or systems, but its primary function is not limited to that.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for providing physical assistance or performing physical tasks that require manipulation or dexterity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for providing physical assistance or performing physical tasks that require manipulation or dexterity.	Guesser said: Is the object a robotic arm designed for household tasks that require manipulation or dexterity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a robotic arm designed for household tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assembling or disassembling items within the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for assembling or disassembling items within the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for tasks that involve handling or managing small items or tools?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for tasks that involve handling or managing small items or tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a robotic assistant designed to help with organizing or sorting small items or tools within the house?	Oracle said: The object is a robot, but it is not specifically designed for organizing or sorting small items or tools within the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assisting with crafting or DIY projects that require handling small components?	Oracle said: The object can be used for assisting with crafting or DIY projects, especially if it is designed for precision tasks, but it is not primarily known for this purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for tasks that require precision and dexterity, such as assembling intricate components or models?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for tasks that require precision and dexterity.	Guesser said: Is the object a robotic assistant designed for precision tasks like assembling intricate components or models, such as a robotic hand or manipulator?	Oracle said: The object is a robot, but it is not specifically limited to being a robotic assistant designed for precision tasks like assembling intricate components or models.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for tasks that involve delicate handling or manipulation, such as in art or model-making?	Oracle said: The object can be used for tasks that involve delicate handling or manipulation, but it is not primarily designed for art or model-making.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for tasks that require delicate handling in a laboratory or research setting?	Oracle said: The object can be used for tasks that require delicate handling in a laboratory or research setting, but it is not limited to that environment.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for performing tasks that require precision and dexterity in various settings, such as manufacturing or assembly lines?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for performing tasks that require precision and dexterity in various settings, including manufacturing or assembly lines.	Guesser said: Is the object an industrial robot used for tasks that require precision and dexterity in manufacturing or assembly lines?	Oracle said: The object can be used in industrial settings, but it is not limited to that context.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for assisting with tasks that require precision and dexterity in both industrial and non-industrial settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for assisting with tasks that require precision and dexterity in various settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a versatile robotic manipulator used for tasks requiring precision and dexterity across different environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a versatile robotic manipulator used for tasks requiring precision and dexterity across different environments.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose robotic manipulator designed to assist with a wide range of tasks requiring precision and dexterity?	Oracle said: The object is a robot, but it is not specifically limited to being a general-purpose robotic manipulator.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for tasks that involve interaction with humans, such as in healthcare or service industries?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for tasks that involve interaction with humans, including in healthcare or service industries.	Guesser said: Is the object a collaborative robot (cobot) designed to work alongside humans in various tasks requiring precision and dexterity?	Oracle said: The object can be a collaborative robot, but it is not limited to that specific type.	Guesser said: Is the object a humanoid robot designed to assist with tasks requiring precision and dexterity in various environments, including interaction with humans?	Oracle said: The object is a robot, but it is not specifically limited to being humanoid or designed for tasks requiring precision and dexterity in various environments.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for educational or demonstration purposes, showcasing robotic capabilities in precision and dexterity?	Oracle said: The object can be used for educational or demonstration purposes, but its applications are not limited to that. It can also be used in various other fields.	Guesser said: Is the object a robotic platform designed for research and development, capable of performing tasks that require precision and dexterity across different applications?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a robotic platform designed for research and development, capable of performing tasks that require precision and dexterity across different applications.	Guesser said: Is the object a research and development robotic platform that is versatile and used for exploring various applications requiring precision and dexterity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a research and development robotic platform that is versatile and used for exploring various applications requiring precision and dexterity.
propeller,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for recreational transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used on water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities like racing or leisure cruising?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities related to leisure cruising.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat or vessel used for leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of boat or vessel.	Guesser said: Is the object used for individual recreational activities on water?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for individual recreational activities on water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for activities like paddling or rowing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for paddling or rowing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for activities like surfing or gliding on water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for activities like surfing or gliding on water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for activities like diving or exploring underwater?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities related to underwater exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist in breathing underwater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to assist in breathing underwater.	Guesser said: Is the object used for propelling oneself underwater?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for propelling oneself underwater.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwater scooter or diver propulsion vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of underwater scooter or diver propulsion vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing swimming speed or efficiency underwater?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for enhancing movement speed or efficiency in water.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of swim fins or flippers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of swim fins or flippers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing movement through mechanical means rather than being worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for enhancing movement through mechanical means.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwater jetpack or thruster device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of underwater jetpack or thruster device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hand-held propulsion device used by divers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hand-held propulsion device used by divers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing movement on the water's surface rather than underwater?	Oracle said: The object is used for enhancing movement both on the water's surface and underwater.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of water jet-powered board or device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of water jet-powered board or device.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing movement by utilizing pedal power or manual effort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing movement by utilizing pedal power or manual effort.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of motorized underwater vehicle or device that assists with swimming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of motorized underwater vehicle or device that assists with swimming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing movement by harnessing natural forces like wind or currents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for enhancing movement by harnessing natural forces.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sail or kite used for water activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sail or kite used for water activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing movement by harnessing water currents specifically?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for enhancing movement by harnessing water currents.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing movement by harnessing wind power?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for enhancing movement, but it doesn't primarily harness wind power like a sail would.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hydrofoil used to lift and glide over water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of hydrofoil.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with another device or equipment to enhance movement on water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in conjunction with another device or equipment to enhance movement on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wing or foil that is used with a board for water activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of wing or foil used with a board for water activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of parachute or canopy used for parasailing or similar activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of parachute or canopy used for parasailing or similar activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of water propeller or turbine that works with another device to enhance movement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of propeller that enhances movement.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outboard motor used to propel small watercraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an outboard motor, but it is related to propulsion.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of trolling motor used for quiet and precise movement on water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a trolling motor, but it is related to movement on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of water jet or thruster used to assist in propulsion for recreational watercraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a water jet or thruster.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paddle wheel or similar device used to enhance movement on water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a device used to enhance movement on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pedal-powered paddle wheel used in recreational watercraft like pedal boats?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pedal-powered paddle wheel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of propeller-driven device used in conjunction with a board or similar equipment for water activities?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not specifically a device used for water activities, but it is a component that can be used in such devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of propeller used in personal watercraft like jet skis or similar vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, a propeller can be used in personal watercraft, but it's more commonly associated with traditional boats and aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional boat propeller used for propulsion in watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a traditional boat propeller used for propulsion in watercraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional boat propeller used for propulsion in watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a traditional boat propeller used for propulsion in watercraft.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for confirming.	Oracle said: You're welcome! Please go ahead and ask your questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any specific type of watercraft, such as motorboats or yachts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in motorboats and yachts.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide forward thrust by converting rotational motion into thrust?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to provide forward thrust by converting rotational motion into thrust.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed to optimize efficiency and speed in watercraft propulsion?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is specifically designed to optimize efficiency and speed in watercraft propulsion.	Guesser said: Is the object a high-performance boat propeller designed for enhanced speed and efficiency in motorboats and yachts?	Oracle said: The object is a propeller, but it is not specifically limited to high-performance boat propellers.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard boat propeller used for general propulsion in various types of watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of propeller used for propulsion in watercraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard boat propeller used for general propulsion in various types of watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of propeller used for propulsion, but I cannot confirm if it is specifically a standard boat propeller without more context.
shotgun,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to fire projectiles at high speed, typically for purposes such as hunting, sport shooting, or self-defense.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by individuals or groups?	Oracle said: The object is typically used by individuals.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used outdoors or indoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for hunting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for hunting.	Guesser said: Is the object also used in competitive sports?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in competitive sports, such as shooting sports like skeet or trap shooting.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for long-range or short-range shooting?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for short-range shooting.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for shooting stationary or moving targets?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for shooting moving targets.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shotgun?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of shotgun.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for shooting clay targets in sports?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for shooting clay targets in sports.	Guesser said: The object is a shotgun used for activities like skeet or trap shooting, as well as hunting.	Oracle said: Correct.
album,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to store and organize a collection of music tracks or songs.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing music as well?	Oracle said: Yes, an album is used for playing music.	Guesser said: Is the object portable, allowing users to carry it with them easily?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be carried easily.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of storing digital music files?	Oracle said: No, the object itself does not store digital music files.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a device that plays music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used with a device that plays music.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for playing music in a physical format?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for playing music in a physical format.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a CD player?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used with a CD player if it is in CD format.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a CD.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a cassette player?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used with a cassette player.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a device that reads optical discs?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used with a device that reads optical discs.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD that contains music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a DVD.	Guesser said: Is the object a Blu-ray disc that contains music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Blu-ray disc.	Guesser said: Is the object a Super Audio CD (SACD)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Super Audio CD (SACD).	Guesser said: Is the object a MiniDisc?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a MiniDisc.	Guesser said: Is the object a LaserDisc that contains music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a LaserDisc.	Guesser said: Is the object a Video CD (VCD) that contains music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Video CD (VCD) that contains music tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object an HD DVD that contains music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an HD DVD.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD-ROM that contains music tracks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a CD-ROM that contains music tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD-ROM used to store and organize a collection of music tracks or songs?	Oracle said: Yes, an album can be stored on a CD-ROM as a collection of music tracks or songs.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album stored on a CD-ROM?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a music album stored on a CD-ROM.	Guesser said: Is the object a compilation album stored on a CD-ROM?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a compilation album stored on a CD-ROM.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard music album stored on a CD-ROM?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a standard music album stored on a CD-ROM.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard music album in CD-ROM format used for playing music tracks on a compatible device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a standard music album that can be in CD-ROM format used for playing music tracks on a compatible device.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard music album in CD-ROM format used for playing music tracks on a CD player?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a standard music album in CD-ROM format used for playing music tracks on a CD player.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard music album in CD format used for playing music tracks on a CD player?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a standard music album in CD format used for playing music tracks on a CD player.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard audio CD containing a music album for use with a CD player?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a standard audio CD containing a music album for use with a CD player.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard audio CD used to store and play a music album on a CD player?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a standard audio CD.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album stored on a CD-ROM, but not a standard audio CD, used for playing music tracks on a computer or compatible device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a music album stored on a CD-ROM.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical disc that stores music in a format other than a standard audio CD or CD-ROM?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of optical disc.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box that plays a collection of music tracks or songs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a music box.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical medium used to store and organize music tracks or songs, but not an optical disc?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a physical medium used to store and organize music tracks or songs, but it is not an optical disc.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet music book that contains written music for playing songs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sheet music book.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape used to store and play music tracks on a cassette player?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cassette tape.	Guesser said: Is the object a reel-to-reel tape used to store and play music tracks on a reel-to-reel tape player?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reel-to-reel tape.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album stored on a USB drive used for playing music tracks on a compatible device?	Oracle said: The object is a music album, but it is not specifically stored on a USB drive.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical music album in the form of a printed booklet or package that accompanies a digital download or streaming service?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a physical music album in the form of a printed booklet or package.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical album cover or booklet that accompanies a digital music album, providing artwork and information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a physical album cover or booklet that accompanies a music album, providing artwork and information about the music tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical album cover or booklet used to provide artwork and information for a music album, often accompanying a digital or physical music format?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a physical album cover or booklet used to provide artwork and information for a music album.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical album cover or booklet that serves as a supplementary item to a music album, offering visual and informational content?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a physical album cover or booklet that accompanies a music album, providing visual and informational content.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD booklet that accompanies a music album, providing artwork and information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a CD booklet.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record sleeve that accompanies a music album, providing artwork and information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a vinyl record sleeve, but it is related to music.	Guesser said: Is the object a digipak or jewel case insert that accompanies a music album, providing artwork and information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a digipak or jewel case insert, but it is related to music albums.	Guesser said: Is the object a box set that contains multiple music albums and provides artwork and information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a box set.	Guesser said: Is the object a liner note booklet that accompanies a music album, providing detailed information and artwork related to the music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a liner note booklet.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster or print that accompanies a music album, providing artwork and information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poster or print.	Guesser said: Is the object a lyric sheet that accompanies a music album, providing the lyrics and possibly additional information about the music tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lyric sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object an album cover or sleeve that provides visual and informational content for a music album, but not specifically for a CD or vinyl?	Oracle said: The object is an album, which includes the music itself, not just the cover or sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album that includes both the physical packaging and the music tracks, providing a complete listening experience?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a music album that includes both the physical packaging and the music tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical music album that includes a combination of packaging and music tracks, offering a complete experience, such as a deluxe edition or special release?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a physical music album that includes packaging and music tracks.
piano,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for playing games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watching or listening to media?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for listening.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to play music.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce sound by blowing air into it?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to produce sound by blowing air into it.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce sound by striking it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to produce sound by striking it.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of drum.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument with keys or bars that are struck to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a percussion instrument with keys that are struck to produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: Correct.
hotplate,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cutting or slicing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or blending ingredients?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for mixing or blending ingredients.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for heating or cooking food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for baking food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for baking food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for boiling or steaming food.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot or a pan used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pot or a pan used for boiling or steaming food.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for boiling food.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric kettle.	Guesser said: Is the object a rice cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rice cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object a steamer or a steam cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a steamer or a steam cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pressure cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker or crockpot?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a slow cooker or crockpot.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microwave oven.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric hot plate or induction cooktop?	Oracle said: The object is an electric hot plate.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for your help in identifying the object as an electric hot plate.	Oracle said: Correct.
battleship,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to engage in naval warfare, providing offensive and defensive capabilities at sea.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for launching aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for attacking other ships?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for attacking other ships.	Guesser said: Is the object equipped with torpedoes as its main weapon?	Oracle said: No, the object is not equipped with torpedoes as its main weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object equipped with large caliber guns as its main weapon?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is equipped with large caliber guns as its main weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.
boxcar,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or cargo?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting goods or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation over water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation over water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation through the air?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation through the air.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on rails?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation on rails.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting goods over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting bulk materials or large quantities of goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transporting bulk materials or large quantities of goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a freight train?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a freight train.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railcar used for transporting specific types of goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of railcar used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting liquid goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transporting liquid goods.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting dry bulk goods, such as grains or coal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting dry bulk goods like grains or coal.	Guesser said: Is the object a hopper car?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hopper car.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods that require protection from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting goods that require protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxcar?	Oracle said: Correct.
pedometer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to count the number of steps taken by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional functions besides counting steps?	Oracle said: Some pedometers may have additional functions such as tracking distance, calories burned, or monitoring sleep, but their primary function is to count steps.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for fitness or health monitoring purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for fitness or health monitoring purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferryboat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or cargo?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting goods or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation on water.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting large quantities of goods over long distances?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transporting large quantities of goods over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or people over short distances on water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting people and sometimes goods over short distances on water.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for leisure or tourism activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be commonly used for leisure or tourism activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.
hardware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for playing games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for video games?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for video games.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gaming console.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a controller or input device for video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used as a controller or input device for video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to display video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the gaming experience in some way?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to enhance the gaming experience.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio purposes related to gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for audio purposes related to gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for virtual reality or augmented reality gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for virtual reality or augmented reality gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing video games or gaming accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing video games or gaming accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical interaction or movement during gaming?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for physical interaction during gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object a dance pad or mat used for rhythm games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dance pad or mat used for rhythm games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercise or fitness-related gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for exercise or fitness-related gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tabletop or board games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for tabletop or board games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for motion sensing or tracking in video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for motion sensing or tracking in video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for simulating musical instruments in video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for simulating musical instruments in video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or building within video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for creating or building within video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing physical feedback or sensations during gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing physical feedback or sensations during gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or comfort during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for seating or comfort during gaming sessions.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or visual effects during gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for lighting or visual effects during gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing cables and wires related to gaming setups?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for managing or organizing cables and wires related to gaming setups.	Guesser said: Is the object used for simulating driving or piloting in video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for simulating driving or piloting in video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing or modifying the physical environment for gaming?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to enhance the gaming experience.	Guesser said: Is the object used for themed decorations or ambiance related to gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for themed decorations or ambiance related to gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or displaying gaming-related collectibles or memorabilia?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or displaying gaming-related collectibles or memorabilia.	Guesser said: Is the object used for modifying or customizing the gaming hardware or setup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for modifying or customizing gaming hardware or setups.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing or modifying the sensory experience during gaming, such as with scents or other non-visual, non-audio elements?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing or modifying the sensory experience during gaming in that way.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or managing gaming sessions or events?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or managing gaming sessions or events.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing additional physical space or surface for gaming activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing additional physical space or surface for gaming activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing gaming-related digital content or data?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for managing or organizing gaming-related digital content or data.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing or modifying the tactile experience during gaming, such as with specialized gloves or grips?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing or modifying the tactile experience during gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or controlling power supply or charging for gaming devices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for managing or controlling power supply or charging for gaming devices.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing physical game media, like discs or cartridges?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for managing or organizing physical game media.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing a unique or specialized input method for certain types of video games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing a unique or specialized input method for video games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooling or temperature regulation during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cooling during gaming sessions.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling fan or system used to prevent gaming devices from overheating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling fan or system.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling pad or stand used to prevent laptops or gaming devices from overheating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling pad or stand.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal cooling device, like a fan or wearable cooler, used to keep the player comfortable during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a personal cooling device.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid cooling system or component used to cool gaming PCs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a liquid cooling system or component used to cool gaming PCs.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling accessory or tool used to enhance airflow around gaming equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling accessory or tool used to enhance airflow around gaming equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cool beverages or snacks during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cool beverages or snacks.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling gel or mat used to keep gaming devices or accessories cool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling gel or mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling spray or mist used to cool down gaming devices or the player during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling spray or mist.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioning unit or system used to maintain a cool environment during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an air conditioning unit or system.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling sleeve or cover designed to dissipate heat from gaming devices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling sleeve or cover designed to dissipate heat from gaming devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling towel or cloth used to keep the player cool during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling towel or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized cooling chair or seat designed to keep the player cool during gaming sessions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a specialized cooling chair or seat.