armor,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific industry or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the technology or electronics industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the culinary or food industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement or calibration purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protective purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective eyewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective clothing or gear for hands or feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective vest or body armor?	Oracle said: Correct.
diaper,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size? Is it something that can be easily held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: It is something that can be easily held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The object's texture is generally smooth, with some parts that may feel soft or slightly padded.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape? Is it round, rectangular, or another shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular when unfolded.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color is typically white.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or components, such as buttons, zippers, or closures?	Oracle said: The object typically has adhesive tabs or fasteners.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable diaper?	Oracle said: Correct.
spandex,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric, glass, or ceramic?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? Would it fit in a pocket, is it handheld, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors or patterns commonly associated with it?	Oracle said: The object can come in a variety of colors and patterns.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional components or features, such as zippers, buttons, or straps?	Oracle said: No, the object does not typically have additional components like zippers, buttons, or straps.	Guesser said: Is the object used in clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory, such as a scarf or a hat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of accessory like a scarf or a hat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing item, such as a glove or a sock?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of clothing item.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights or pantyhose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shapewear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of compression shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist cincher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of control-top briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shapewear slip or shaping camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shaping leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping brief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping slip dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping panty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping bodysuit with shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping singlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping bralette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping bodysuit with an open bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping waist trainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping panty girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping slip with shorts?	Oracle said: No.
chessboard,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage, seating, or decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or study area?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in an office or study area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing, organizing, or holding items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a creative or artistic activity?	Oracle said: The object can be used for a creative activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing a musical instrument or creating music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drawing, painting, or crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or holding books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of communication or signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or displaying paper or documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of personal grooming or hygiene activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of physical exercise or relaxation activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of timekeeping or scheduling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of sound or audio-related activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of visual or optical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of cleaning or maintenance activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of construction or assembly activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of leisure or recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing a board game or card game?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for playing a board game.	Guesser said: Is the object a chessboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
wagon,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it small enough to hold in your hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is larger than what can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The object's surface is generally smooth.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be of various colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific environment or setting, such as near water, in forests, or in urban areas?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in urban areas and residential settings.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of a specific material, such as metal, wood, or plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of a specific material.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of can vary, but it is often made of wood or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function, such as seating, storage, or decoration?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or movement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation or movement.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle, such as a bicycle, car, or scooter?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.
mat,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally flat and rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and slightly rough.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can come in various colors.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in everyday life?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for packaging or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: It can have patterns or designs, but not necessarily.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for protection or safety purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object lightweight or heavy?	Oracle said: Lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect items from damage or wear?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect items from damage or wear.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to protect electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect surfaces from scratches or marks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth or placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect floors or carpets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug or mat?	Oracle said: Correct.
tinfoil,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in everyday life?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil or tool used for eating or preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in preparing food.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening containers or packages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for manipulating or handling food, such as flipping or serving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grating or shredding food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crushing or grinding food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for peeling or coring food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for whisking or mixing ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening bottles or cans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or presenting food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting or preserving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food storage container, like a canister or tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover or wrap food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally cylindrical with a flat end.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object has a rough texture on one end and a smooth texture on the other end.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically red and white.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or creating a flame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a matchstick?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is generally smooth and soft.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, including orange, yellow, or pink.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical or conical in shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct smell?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any distinct smell.	Guesser said: Is the object edible?	Oracle said: No, the object is not edible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for any specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cosmetic product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hair care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used in dental care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for bathing or showering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for nail care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying to the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ear care?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for ear care.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton swab or Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the ears?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object earplugs?	Oracle said: Correct.
platter,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically large and flat.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be of various colors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically heavy or light?	Oracle said: The object is typically light.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is rigid.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or presenting food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plate or platter?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it small enough to hold in your hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: It is larger than what can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The object's surface is generally smooth.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but commonly it is red, blue, or green.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary, or does it move?	Oracle said: The object is typically stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single material, or is it composed of multiple materials?	Oracle said: The object is composed of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shapes or forms, such as round, rectangular, or irregular?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, is the object a playground slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are transparent or translucent?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any parts that are transparent or translucent.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with any particular environment or setting, such as a park, garden, or street?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with a street.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective surfaces?	Oracle said: It may have reflective surfaces if it is made of metal or has a glossy finish.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose related to transportation or traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the street infrastructure, like a utility box or something similar?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is part of the street infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or indicating something?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for indicating something.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display or dial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating a level or balance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating a position or direction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for indicating a quantity or amount?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or producing sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small handheld percussion instrument like a tambourine or a triangle?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a small handheld percussion instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of cymbals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maraca?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a castanet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jingle bell?	Correct
terrycloth,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it something that can be easily held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is larger and typically not something that can be easily held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat, three-dimensional, or does it have a specific shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically flat.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns, colors, or designs on it?	Oracle said: The object can have patterns, colors, or designs on it, but it is not necessary.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often found in a bedroom, living room, or another part of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often found in a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering or draping over something?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for covering or draping over something.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bed sheet or towel?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fingertip towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guest towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gym towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spa towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hooded towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sauna towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning towel?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as a cleaning towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a dusting cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chamois cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a terry cloth towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
teakettle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color can vary, but it is often metallic or can be painted in various colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held with one hand and can vary in size, but generally around 8 to 12 inches in height and width.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically round with a spout and a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or pouring liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or repair tasks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for tightening or loosening fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size can vary, but it is typically around 6 feet wide and 3.5 feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object can vary, but it is often made of materials like tempered glass, acrylic, or wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or reflective surfaces?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have transparent or reflective surfaces.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but commonly it is white or transparent.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific texture or surface pattern?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with any particular room or area in a building?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly associated with a particular area in a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for display or presentation purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene or cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of utility or function related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components or features?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any electrical components or features.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of physical activity or exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gym mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoga mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment, like a bench or platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ping pong table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table tennis table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foosball table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shuffleboard table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table used for air hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table used for billiards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table used for table football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dartboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backboard for basketball?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically long and flexible.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth and flexible.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but it is commonly green.	Guesser said: Is the object composed of a single material or multiple materials?	Oracle said: The object is composed of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct features or patterns on its surface?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth surface without distinct patterns.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible enough to be bent or coiled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: Correct.
saucepan,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically medium-sized, suitable for use on a stovetop.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object is metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes, it can have a lid.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it small enough to hold in your hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to hold in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is rough.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically a light brown or beige color.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in nature, such as in a forest or a beach?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single material or multiple materials?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a single material.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct shape, such as being round, rectangular, or irregular?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that move or are flexible?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has parts that are flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening or agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct markings or patterns on its surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any distinct markings or patterns on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with any particular season or weather condition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with any particular season or weather condition.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of outdoor cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of outdoor lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any sharp edges or points.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garden or park setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in outdoor activities or games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near bodies of water, such as rivers, lakes, or oceans?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found near bodies of water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of outdoor transportation or travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of outdoor seating or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of outdoor shelter or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban or rural environments?	Oracle said: It can be found in both urban and rural environments.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material like wood or stone, or is it made of a synthetic material like plastic or metal?	Oracle said: The object is made of a natural material.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a pinecone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any hollow or open spaces within its structure?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any hollow or open spaces within its structure.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on the ground, attached to something, or elevated?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found elevated.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features that allow it to attach or connect to other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seed or pod that can attach to animals or other surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a plant or tree, such as a leaf or branch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a part of a plant or tree.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on man-made structures or objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener or connector, such as a hook or clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fastener or connector like a hook or clip.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of outdoor clothing or gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nest or home for an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of natural insulation or covering, like moss or lichen, that grows on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fungus or mold that grows on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insect or animal-related structure, such as a cocoon or shell, that is found on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mineral or crystal formation that can be found on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of natural fiber or material, like straw or hay, that is used on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of natural residue or deposit, such as sap or resin, that can be found on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bird's nest material, like twigs or grass, that is used on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of natural debris, like leaves or branches, that accumulates on man-made structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific scent or odor?	Oracle said: The object does not have a specific scent or odor.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on rooftops or other elevated surfaces of buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on fences or walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on utility poles or wires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on vehicles or transportation-related structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on trees or other elevated natural structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on signs or signposts?	Oracle said: No.
sofa,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric or a similar material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying on?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for sitting or lying on.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa or couch?	Oracle said: Correct.
