airship,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a function related to communication.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation or movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods or materials?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting goods or materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in industrial or commercial settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in commercial settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving heavy loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of forklift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moving loads vertically, such as lifting them to a higher level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moving loads horizontally over short distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting loads over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of truck or lorry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water for transporting goods over long distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air for transporting goods over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane used for cargo transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drone used for cargo transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helicopter used for cargo transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of airship or blimp used for cargo transport?	Correct
photocopier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What function does this object serve in a household setting?	Oracle said: This object is typically used for making copies of documents.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly found in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be commonly found in a home office or study area.	Guesser said: Does this object require electricity to perform its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object capable of connecting to a computer or network for its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for printing documents as well as making copies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a multifunction printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object specifically designed to primarily focus on the task of copying documents rather than other functions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for written communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sending written communication over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in electronic communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending emails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending text messages?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for sending short text messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending text messages through a computer or similar device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device that can send text messages independently, without needing to be connected to another device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component or accessory that aids in sending text messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a SIM card used in mobile devices for sending text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard used to input text messages on a device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical accessory that enhances the functionality of a device for sending text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the network or infrastructure that facilitates sending text messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cellular tower or antenna that aids in transmitting text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite used in the transmission of text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a modem or router that facilitates sending text messages over a network?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the cellular network infrastructure, such as a base station controller, that manages text message traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a SIM card reader that helps in connecting a device to the network for sending text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the network cabling or wiring system that supports the transmission of text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a server or a part of a server system that processes and routes text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a signal booster or repeater that extends the range of text message transmission?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a SIM card tray used to hold a SIM card in a device for network connectivity to send text messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hardware switch or relay that helps in routing text messages within a network?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the radio frequency system that helps in the transmission of text messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a transceiver used in mobile devices to send and receive text messages via radio frequencies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio frequency transceiver module used in mobile devices for sending and receiving text messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a radio frequency transceiver module used in mobile devices for sending and receiving text messages.	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for written communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for long-distance communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for real-time communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for one-on-one communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for broadcasting to a large audience?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in radio broadcasting?	Correct
bullhorn,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used for written communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object portable?	Oracle said: Yes, it is portable.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to communicate over long distances?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to communicate over relatively long distances.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used in modern daily life?	Oracle said: No, it is not commonly used in modern daily life.	Guesser said: Is this object used for emergency or specialized communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used by military or maritime personnel?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used by military personnel.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of radio communication device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for signaling or alerting purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of signaling device used for visual communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for audio signaling or alerting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of whistle or siren used for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used in conjunction with other equipment or systems for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of horn or trumpet used for signaling in military contexts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to send coded audio messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to amplify sound for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of megaphone or loudspeaker used for military communication?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of megaphone or loudspeaker.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: This object is used for maintenance.	Guesser said: Is this object used for maintaining buildings or structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for maintaining vehicles or machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for maintaining personal items or belongings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for maintaining outdoor spaces or gardens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cutting or trimming plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for watering plants or lawns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to distribute water over a large area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a sprinkler?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to providing energy or power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to cleaning or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to safety or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to nature or the environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to art or decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to sports or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to science or research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to agriculture or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to timekeeping or scheduling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to personal grooming or beauty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to education or learning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to tools or repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to security or surveillance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to animals or pets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any form of entertainment or games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any kind of ritual or ceremony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of scientific or industrial process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of maintenance or upkeep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of navigation or orientation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of recreation or hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of religious or spiritual practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of preservation or conservation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of signaling or alerting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of artistic or creative expression?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of documentation or record-keeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of exploration or discovery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of ceremonial or symbolic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of transportation or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of manufacturing or production?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of preservation or storage of information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of habitat or shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of sensory experience or perception?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of scientific analysis or examination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of structural support or framework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of personal identification or authentication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of decorative or ornamental purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to any type of survival or emergency situation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing light or illumination in survival or emergency situations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing warmth or heat in survival or emergency situations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing shelter or protection in survival or emergency situations?	Oracle said: No.
barometer,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to security or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to nature or the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to water or water management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to wildlife or animal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to energy or power generation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to weather or climate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or monitoring weather conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
gearshift,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for protection or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for measurement or calculation.	Guesser said: Is this object used for illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for leisure or relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for fastening or securing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for producing or creating something?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for producing or creating something.	Guesser said: Is this object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No, this object is not primarily used for scientific or educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for navigation or direction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of support or holding function?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for support or holding functions.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of signaling or alerting function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of energy generation or conversion?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for energy generation or conversion.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of sensory or detection function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of recreational or sports activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of fastening or joining function?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for fastening or joining functions.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of timekeeping or scheduling function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of waste disposal or management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of artistic or creative expression?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of heating or cooling function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of monetary or financial transaction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of agricultural or farming activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of religious or spiritual practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of hunting or fishing activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of legal or administrative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of emergency or rescue situation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of data storage or processing?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for data storage or processing.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of clothing or apparel function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of recreational or play activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of transportation of goods or materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of animal care or husbandry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of culinary or dining purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of structural or architectural purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of legal or administrative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of security or surveillance purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of artistic or craft-related activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of ritual or ceremonial purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of personal comfort or convenience?	Oracle said: No, it is not primarily used for personal comfort or convenience.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of scientific research or experimentation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of outdoor or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of household or domestic purpose?	Oracle said: No.
photograph,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to send written messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to transmit audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to transmit visual signals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for face-to-face communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to convey information through physical means, such as gestures or signals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through tactile means, such as touch or vibration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through olfactory means, such as scents or smells?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through taste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through light signals, such as blinking or flashing lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through auditory signals, such as alarms or alerts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through electromagnetic signals, such as radio waves or infrared?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through the transmission of physical objects or materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate through visual symbols or representations, such as signs or symbols?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to communicate through visual representations.	Guesser said: Is this object used in a stationary location, like a sign or a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object portable and can be carried by a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be carried by a person.	Guesser said: Is this object used to communicate information in a printed or drawn format, like a book or a notebook?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to communicate information in a printed format.	Guesser said: Is this object primarily used for capturing and displaying images, like a camera or a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for organizing and displaying information, like a chart or a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for reading and sharing written content, like a magazine or a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording and preserving information, like a diary or a journal?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for recording and preserving information.	Guesser said: Is this object used for writing or drawing on, like a notepad or sketchbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for storing and organizing collected information, like a binder or a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information in a digital format, like a digital voice recorder or a USB drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information in a physical format, like a scrapbook or a photo album?	Oracle said: Yes, this object can be used for recording information in a physical format.	Guesser said: Is this object used for affixing or attaching items to record information, like a bulletin board or a pinboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by inserting or placing items within it, like a binder or a folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by adhering items onto its pages, like a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by writing or marking directly onto it, like a guestbook or autograph book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by collecting and preserving items within its structure, like a time capsule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by using a specialized tool or method, such as embossing or engraving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by applying a specific technique or process, such as pressing or imprinting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by adhering items to a specific surface, like a sticker album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by creating impressions or marks in a surface, like a clay tablet or a wax tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recording information by capturing and preserving images or visual content, like a photo album?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is used for capturing and preserving images or visual content.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of album specifically designed for collecting and displaying visual content, such as a stamp album or a trading card album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for storing and displaying printed photographs, like a traditional photo album?	Correct
intercom,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transmitting audio signals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wireless communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for amplifying sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for converting audio signals into electrical signals or vice versa?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a traditional landline telephone system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in broadcasting audio content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a radio broadcasting system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a television broadcasting system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a public address system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone used in a public address system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker used in a public address system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a speaker used in a public address system.	Oracle said: Correct.
laptop,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is one function of the object?	Oracle said: One function of the object is to perform computing tasks.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for capturing photos or videos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for browsing the internet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for work-related tasks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for creating documents or spreadsheets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop computer?	Oracle said: Correct.
amplifier,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for auditory communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for two-way communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to amplify sound for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in public speaking or presentations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to project sound to a large audience?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loudspeaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the volume of a speaker's voice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in conjunction with other audio equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a public address (PA) system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of audio amplifier?	Correct
jukebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for watching or listening to media?	Oracle said: It is used for listening to media.	Guesser said: Is this object used to amplify or produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is used to produce sound.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of speaker or audio playback device?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of audio playback device.	Guesser said: Is this object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of music player, like a CD player or MP3 player?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of music player.	Guesser said: Is this object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object an MP3 player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a vinyl record player or turntable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a cassette tape player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a streaming device used for playing digital music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of music box or mechanical music player?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of mechanical music player.	Guesser said: Is this object a phonograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object an organ grinder or barrel organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a player piano or pianola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a gramophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical singing bird box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a hurdy-gurdy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a musical automaton?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of musical automaton.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical orchestra or orchestrion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a musical clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a calliope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a street organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a nickelodeon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical singing bird cage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical music box with dancing figures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a carillon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a fairground organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical flute player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical drum machine or drumming automaton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical singing bird automaton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a serinette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a polyphon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical musical doll or figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a symphonion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a disc music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a cylinder music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical organette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical singing or musical bird automaton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a pianola roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a melodeon?	Oracle said: No, it is not a melodeon.	Guesser said: Is this object a harmonium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mechanical bell ringer or bell-playing automaton?	Oracle said: No.
yacht,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is one of the functions of this object?	Oracle said: One of the functions of this object is to provide leisure and recreation on water.	Guesser said: Can this object be used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used for fishing activities?	Oracle said: It can be used for fishing activities, but it is not commonly used primarily for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is this object often used for water sports or activities like water skiing or wakeboarding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used for activities like sailing or yachting?	Correct
fuse,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is one function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect electrical circuits by breaking the circuit when the current is too high.	Guesser said: Can this object be reset or reused after it has performed its function?	Oracle said: No, it cannot be reset or reused after it has performed its function.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found in residential or commercial electrical systems?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does this object function by melting a component inside it to break the circuit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What function does this object serve in everyday life?	Oracle said: The object is used to tow or push ships and other vessels.	Guesser said: Is this object primarily used in commercial or industrial settings?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is primarily used in commercial or industrial settings.	Guesser said: Does this object assist in maneuvering large vessels in harbors or ports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
bicycle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is one function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: One function of the object is transportation.	Guesser said: Can the object transport multiple people at once?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by a motor or engine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not powered by a motor or engine.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for short distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object operated by the person being transported?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads or pavements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
compass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to determine direction.	Guesser said: Does the object help in navigation or finding one's way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors or in natural environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used outdoors or in natural environments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by hikers or explorers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld and portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedometer,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can the object be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for consumption or preparation of food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for scientific or educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measuring.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure weight or mass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure length or distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure liquid volume or flow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure electrical properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure air pressure or atmospheric conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure sound or acoustics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure light or optical properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure physical force or pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure angles or orientation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure chemical properties or composition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure speed or velocity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in vehicles or transportation systems to measure speed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
