armor,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person, an animal, or an inanimate object?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect a person.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, it is designed to protect specific parts of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a specific activity or profession?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a specific activity or profession.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in a sport or recreational activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to protect the head.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands or arms?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to protect the hands or arms.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the legs or feet?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect the legs.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves contact or physical impact?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in sports that involve contact or physical impact.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports like soccer or hockey?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in sports like soccer or hockey.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports like American football or rugby?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in sports like American football or rugby.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports like martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in sports like martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the shins or lower legs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to protect the shins or lower legs.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the knees or thighs?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect the knees or thighs.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of knee pad or thigh guard used in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of knee pad or thigh guard used in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the groin area in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used to protect the groin area in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hips or pelvis in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to protect the hips or pelvis in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hip protector or pelvic guard used in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of hip protector or pelvic guard used in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support and protection for the hips or pelvis during movement in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for providing support and protection for the hips or pelvis during movement in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hips or pelvis from impact or strikes in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to protect the hips or pelvis from impact or strikes in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sparring shorts or pants with built-in protection for the hips or pelvis used in martial arts or fencing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sparring shorts or pants with built-in protection for the hips or pelvis used in martial arts or fencing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of body armor or protective gear that covers the hips or pelvis used in martial arts or fencing?	Correct
diaper,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to absorb and contain waste.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable after use?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically disposable after use.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Not specifically, but it can be disposed of in a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for infants or young children?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for infants or young children.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: Correct.
spandex,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide stretchable and form-fitting clothing or material, often used in activewear, dancewear, and other garments that require flexibility and comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in the production of sportswear?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in the production of sportswear.	Guesser said: Is the object known for its ability to wick moisture away from the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is known for its ability to wick moisture away from the body.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in swimwear due to its quick-drying properties?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in swimwear due to its quick-drying properties.	Guesser said: Is the object used for its ability to provide compression and support to the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for its ability to provide compression and support to the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used in garments that require a high degree of elasticity and movement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in garments that require a high degree of elasticity and movement.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in leggings and yoga pants for its stretch and comfort?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in leggings and yoga pants for its stretch and comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object Lycra?	Oracle said: Correct.
chessboard,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to serve as a playing surface for a strategic board game.	Guesser said: Is the board game played by two players or more?	Oracle said: The board game associated with this object is typically played by two players.	Guesser said: Does the board have a grid pattern or specific markings to guide gameplay?	Oracle said: Yes, the board has a grid pattern.	Guesser said: Is the board used for a game that involves capturing or surrounding the opponent's pieces?	Oracle said: Yes, the board is used for a game that involves capturing the opponent's pieces.	Guesser said: Is the board used for a game that involves pieces of different types, such as different shapes or sizes?	Oracle said: Yes, the board is used for a game that involves pieces of different types, such as different shapes or sizes.	Guesser said: Is the board used for a game that is played with pieces that represent different roles or ranks, such as a king or queen?	Oracle said: Yes, the board is used for a game with pieces that represent different roles or ranks, such as a king or queen.	Guesser said: Is the object a chessboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
wagon,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to transport goods or people from one place to another.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transporting goods or people over long distances?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for transporting goods or people over long distances.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transporting goods or people within a building or a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for transporting goods or people within a specific location.	Guesser said: Is the object manually operated or does it require a power source to function?	Oracle said: The object is manually operated.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods or people in a vertical direction?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transporting goods or people in a vertical direction.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in warehouses or similar environments for moving goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in warehouses or similar environments for moving goods.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a residential setting for transporting goods or people?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in a residential setting for transporting goods or people.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for transporting young children or infants?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for transporting young children.	Guesser said: Is the object a stroller or pram?	Oracle said: No, it is not a stroller or pram.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting children within a home, such as between rooms?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for transporting children within a home.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting children in outdoor settings, such as parks or sidewalks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting children in outdoor settings like parks or sidewalks.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.
mat,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide a surface for activities such as sitting, lying, or exercising, and to offer comfort or protection to the underlying surface.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for sitting, lying, or exercising?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used primarily for sitting, lying, or exercising.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in homes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in homes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide cushioning or padding for comfort?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can provide cushioning or padding for comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in living rooms or bedrooms?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in living rooms or bedrooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sitting, like a chair or sofa?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sitting like a chair or sofa.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for lying down, like a bed or mattress?	Correct
tinfoil,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to wrap and protect food items, keeping them fresh and preventing contamination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wrapping both solid and liquid food items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for wrapping both solid and liquid food items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in households for food storage?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in households for food storage.	Guesser said: Is the object reusable or is it generally disposed of after a single use?	Oracle said: The object is generally disposed of after a single use.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to cover food items in a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used to cover food items in a refrigerator.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover food items when heating them in a microwave?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to cover food items when heating them in a microwave.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap sandwiches or similar food items for on-the-go consumption?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to wrap sandwiches or similar food items for on-the-go consumption.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to produce a flame for lighting fires or igniting other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object portable and designed for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and designed for personal use.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for lighting cigarettes or candles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for lighting cigarettes or candles.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lighter.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to reduce or block out noise.	Guesser said: Is the object used in personal or professional settings?	Oracle said: The object can be used in both personal and professional settings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover the ears?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to cover or protect the ears.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for hearing protection in loud environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for hearing protection in loud environments.	Guesser said: Is the object ear muffs or noise-canceling headphones?	Oracle said: No, it is not ear muffs or noise-canceling headphones.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable or reusable?	Oracle said: The object can be both disposable and reusable, depending on the type.	Guesser said: Is the object earplugs?	Oracle said: Correct.
platter,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to serve or display food.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a dining setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a dining setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold individual portions of food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to hold individual portions of food.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used to serve multiple people at once.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep food warm or at a specific temperature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to keep food warm or at a specific temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display or present food in an aesthetically pleasing way?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to display or present food in an aesthetically pleasing way.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of platter or serving tray?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to receive and hold mail or packages for collection.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in residential areas?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in residential areas.	Guesser said: Is the object used by individuals to send mail as well?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used by individuals to send mail.	Guesser said: Is the object usually mounted on a post or attached to a building?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is usually mounted on a post or attached to a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to produce sound, often as a signal or alert.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific setting or environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in specific settings or environments.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a transportation-related setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a transportation-related setting.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can commonly be found in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or signal for emergencies or safety purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to alert or signal for emergencies or safety purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector?	Oracle said: No, it is not a smoke detector.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or signal for specific events or occurrences within the household?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to alert or signal for specific events or occurrences within the household.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No, it is not a doorbell.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or signal for time-related events or occurrences?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to alert or signal for time-related events or occurrences.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm clock?	Oracle said: No, it is not an alarm clock.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen for timing purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in the kitchen for timing purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or signal for visitors or someone at the entrance of a household?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to alert or signal for visitors or someone at the entrance of a household.	Guesser said: Is the object a door chime?	Oracle said: No, it is not a door chime.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or signal for deliveries or packages at the entrance of a household?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom system?	Oracle said: No, it is not an intercom system.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless doorbell system?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wireless doorbell system.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart doorbell with video capabilities?	Oracle said: No, it is not a smart doorbell with video capabilities.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional mechanical door knocker?	Oracle said: No, it is not a traditional mechanical door knocker.	Guesser said: Is the object a security alarm system?	Oracle said: No, it is not a security alarm system.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer used at the entrance of a household?	Oracle said: No, it is not a buzzer used at the entrance of a household.	Guesser said: Is the object a chime or bell used to signal the arrival of visitors or deliveries at the entrance of a household?	Oracle said: Correct.
terrycloth,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to absorb moisture and provide comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used after bathing or showering?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used after bathing or showering.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a towel.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the floor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry specific parts of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to dry specific parts of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry hair?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to dry hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel wrap?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hair towel wrap.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry hands?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to dry hands.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hand towel.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry the face?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to dry the face.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No, it is not a washcloth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skincare or cosmetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for skincare purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial towel or facial cloth?	Oracle said: No, it is not a facial towel or facial cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove makeup or cleanse the face?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to remove makeup or cleanse the face.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup remover pad or cleansing pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a makeup remover pad or cleansing pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber cloth used for facial cleansing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microfiber cloth used for facial cleansing.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable cotton pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reusable cotton pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a face sponge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a face sponge.	Guesser said: Is the object a konjac sponge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a konjac sponge.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleansing mitt or glove?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cleansing mitt or glove.	Guesser said: Is the object a face towel specifically designed for drying and skincare purposes?	Oracle said: Correct.
teakettle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to boil water.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a kitchen setting.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not powered by electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used on a stovetop.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to grip, hold, and manipulate objects, often used for bending, twisting, or cutting wire.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in electrical work or by electricians?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in electrical work or by electricians.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cutting wires or more for gripping and twisting them?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for gripping and twisting them.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in tasks involving tightening or loosening fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in tasks involving tightening or loosening fasteners.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pliers, such as needle-nose pliers or lineman's pliers?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide a surface for a basketball to rebound off of during play.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a recreational or professional setting?	Oracle said: The object is used in both recreational and professional settings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mounted or freestanding?	Oracle said: The object is typically mounted.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a basketball hoop?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in conjunction with a basketball hoop.	Guesser said: Is the object a backboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to transport and direct the flow of liquids, typically water.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used in residential settings?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is commonly used in residential settings.	Guesser said: Is this object typically a part of a plumbing system?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be part of a plumbing system.	Guesser said: Is this object used to control the flow of water, such as turning it on or off?	Oracle said: No, this object is not primarily used to control the flow of water by turning it on or off.	Guesser said: Is this object used to direct water to specific locations, such as a faucet or sprinkler?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is used to direct water to specific locations.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pipe or tubing?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of tubing.	Guesser said: Is this object specifically a garden hose?	Oracle said: Correct.
saucepan,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: The primary function of this object is to cook or heat food.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is typically used in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is this object used to cook food using electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, this object can be used to cook food using electricity.	Guesser said: Is this object primarily used for baking or roasting food?	Oracle said: No, this object is not primarily used for baking or roasting food.	Guesser said: Is this object used to heat food quickly?	Oracle said: Yes, this object can be used to heat food, but it may not be the quickest method compared to other appliances.	Guesser said: Is this object used to cook food on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is used to cook food on a stovetop.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pot or pan?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of pot or pan.	Guesser said: Is this object primarily used for boiling or simmering food?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is primarily used for boiling or simmering food.	Guesser said: Is this object a saucepan?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to constrict or tighten around something, typically for the purpose of securing or holding.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in clothing or fashion.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in construction or building applications?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in construction or building applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of transportation or vehicles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of transportation or vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object used in household or everyday tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in household or everyday tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any industrial or manufacturing processes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in industrial or manufacturing processes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any medical or healthcare applications?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in medical or healthcare applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of outdoor or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in outdoor or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of scientific or laboratory settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in scientific or laboratory settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of electronics or technology applications?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in electronics or technology applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of agriculture or farming activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in agriculture or farming activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of art or craft activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in art or craft activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of security or safety applications?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in security or safety applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of food preparation or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of food preparation or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of animal care or pet-related activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of animal care or pet-related activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of sports or fitness activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of sports or fitness activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of maritime or nautical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in maritime or nautical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of entertainment or theatrical applications?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in theatrical applications, particularly in plays or movies to depict certain scenes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create special effects or illusions in theatrical applications?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to create special effects or illusions in theatrical applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a prop or part of a costume in theatrical applications?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used as a prop in theatrical applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used to depict scenes involving captivity or restraint in theatrical applications?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to depict scenes involving captivity or restraint in theatrical applications.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handcuff or restraint device?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of restraint device.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope or a type of binding used to depict restraint in theatrical applications?	Oracle said: It is a type of rope, but it is not specifically used for theatrical applications.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rope used for bondage or restraint in general?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of rope used for restraint.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rope used specifically for activities like shibari or decorative bondage?	Oracle said: No, it is not used specifically for activities like shibari or decorative bondage.	Guesser said: Is the object a basic rope or cord used for general restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a basic rope or cord used for general restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a zip tie or cable tie used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, it is not a zip tie or cable tie.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chain used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of chain used for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of strap or band used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of strap or band used for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handcuff strap or band used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of handcuff strap or band used for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of velcro strap or band used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of velcro strap or band.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of leather strap or band used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of leather strap or band used for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of strap used for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of medical restraint strap or band used for securing individuals?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of medical restraint strap or band used for securing individuals.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in theatrical settings to depict restraint, such as a gag or blindfold?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in theatrical settings to depict restraint.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in law enforcement or military applications for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in law enforcement or military applications for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in BDSM or fetish activities for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for BDSM or fetish activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any ceremonial or ritualistic applications for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a type of fabric or cloth strap used in ceremonial or ritualistic applications for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in theatrical settings as a general prop for depicting restraint?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in theatrical settings for depicting restraint.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in emergency or rescue situations for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for emergency or rescue situations.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in historical reenactments or period dramas to depict restraint?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in historical reenactments or period dramas to depict restraint.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in educational or training settings to depict restraint?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in educational or training settings to depict restraint.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of religious or spiritual practices for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in religious or spiritual practices for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of medical or therapeutic practices for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in medical or therapeutic practices for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of artistic or creative performances for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in artistic or creative performances for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of competitive or game settings for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in competitive or game settings for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of ceremonial or cultural events for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in ceremonial or cultural events for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of magic or illusion performances for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in magic or illusion performances for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of escape artist performances for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in escape artist performances for restraint purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth strap used in any form of mock or simulated scenarios for restraint purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric or cloth strap used in mock or simulated scenarios for restraint purposes.
sofa,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide seating and comfort for multiple people.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for reclining or lying down?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for reclining or lying down.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in living rooms or family rooms?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in living rooms or family rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to accommodate more than two people at once?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to accommodate more than two people at once.	Guesser said: Is the object a sectional sofa?	Correct
