windmill,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a man-made object?	Oracle said: The object is a man-made object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or maintenance activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in construction or maintenance activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture or farming?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in agriculture or farming.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or equipment used for planting or harvesting crops?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for planting or harvesting crops.	Guesser said: Is the object used for irrigation or watering purposes in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for irrigation or watering purposes in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or transporting agricultural products?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing or transporting agricultural products.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling pests or weeds in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for controlling pests or weeds in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for livestock or animal husbandry purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for livestock or animal husbandry purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for soil preparation or treatment in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for soil preparation or treatment in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fencing or boundary marking in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for fencing or boundary marking in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for processing or refining agricultural products?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for processing or refining agricultural products.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or measuring conditions in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for monitoring or measuring conditions in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or shelter in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protection or shelter in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance tasks in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for energy generation or power supply in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for energy generation in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of renewable energy device, such as a wind turbine or solar panel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of renewable energy device.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a solar panel.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind turbine.	Guesser said: Is the object a biogas digester?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a biogas digester.	Guesser said: Is the object a hydroelectric generator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hydroelectric generator.	Guesser said: Is the object a geothermal energy system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a geothermal energy system.	Guesser said: Is the object a biomass energy system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a biomass energy system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of energy storage system used in agriculture, such as a battery or energy storage unit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of energy storage system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wave or tidal energy device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of wave or tidal energy device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of anaerobic digester used for energy generation in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of anaerobic digester.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of methane capture system used for energy generation in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of methane capture system used for energy generation in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fuel cell used for energy generation in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fuel cell.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kinetic energy device, such as a kinetic energy harvester, used in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of kinetic energy device used in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object a piezoelectric energy harvester used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a piezoelectric energy harvester used in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical energy harvester, such as a device that captures energy from moving machinery or animals in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a mechanical energy harvester as it captures energy from the wind to perform work.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill used for tasks like pumping water or grinding grain in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes, a windmill can be used for tasks like pumping water or grinding grain in agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct.
grenade,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban or rural areas?	Oracle said: The object can be found in both urban and rural areas, but it is more commonly associated with military or conflict zones.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or mobility purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or mobility purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or defense?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for offense, but it can be used in defensive situations as well.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld or is it larger and requires a crew to operate?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm or weapon?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of gun, such as a rifle or pistol?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of gun.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of explosive device?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of explosive device.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in urban areas.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for agricultural purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of energy production or storage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to energy production or storage.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of scientific research or exploration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily related to scientific research or exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of safety or protective purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protective purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: The object can be related to entertainment or leisure activities, particularly in historical reenactments or themed events.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory used in historical reenactments or themed events?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of clothing or accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment or tool used in historical reenactments or themed events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in historical reenactments or themed events.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon or related to weaponry used in historical reenactments or themed events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to weaponry used in historical reenactments or themed events.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword or a type of bladed weapon?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sword or a type of bladed weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of projectile weapon, like a bow or crossbow?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of projectile weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bow.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a crossbow.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm used in historical reenactments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in historical reenactments.	Guesser said: Is the object a musket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a musket.	Guesser said: Is the object a flintlock pistol?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flintlock pistol.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
hearse,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle with two wheels?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of vehicle with two wheels.	Guesser said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods or cargo?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transporting goods or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for emergency services or specialized purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for specialized purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or maintenance work?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in construction or maintenance work.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agricultural activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in agricultural activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in recreational or sporting activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in recreational or sporting activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement or military services?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used by law enforcement or military services.	Guesser said: Is the object used in medical or healthcare services?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in medical or healthcare services.	Guesser said: Is the object used in firefighting or rescue operations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in firefighting or rescue operations.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the entertainment or film industry?	Oracle said: While it can be used in the entertainment or film industry, its primary purpose is not for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object used in scientific research or exploration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in scientific research or exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object used in broadcasting or media production?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in broadcasting or media production.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of utility or service industry?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a service industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the waste management or sanitation industry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the waste management or sanitation industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the delivery or postal service industry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the delivery or postal service industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the hospitality or tourism industry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the hospitality or tourism industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the food or beverage service industry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the food or beverage service industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the automotive repair or maintenance industry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the automotive repair or maintenance industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the utility services, such as electricity, water, or gas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in utility services like electricity, water, or gas.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the landscaping or gardening service industry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the landscaping or gardening service industry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transportation of people for a specific service, like a limousine or taxi service?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in the transportation of people for a specific service.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle used for ride-sharing or chauffeuring services, such as a limousine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for ride-sharing or chauffeuring services like a limousine.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle used for transporting people in a specific context, such as an airport shuttle or a school bus?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle used for transporting people in a specific context.	Guesser said: Is the object a school bus?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a school bus.	Guesser said: Is the object an airport shuttle bus?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an airport shuttle bus.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct.
jet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in water.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a commercial airplane.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: It can be, but it is primarily used for other purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for military purposes?	Oracle said: It can be used for military purposes, but it is not limited to that use.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a helicopter.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surveillance or research purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for surveillance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drone.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) other than a drone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV).	Guesser said: Is the object a type of balloon or airship?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of balloon or airship.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glider or non-powered aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of glider or non-powered aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jet or fighter aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a private jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of business jet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of business jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Learjet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Learjet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Gulfstream jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Gulfstream jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Cessna Citation jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Cessna Citation jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bombardier Challenger jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Bombardier Challenger jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dassault Falcon jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Dassault Falcon jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a HondaJet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a HondaJet.	Guesser said: Is the object an Embraer Phenom jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not an Embraer Phenom jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing Business Jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Boeing Business Jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a supersonic business jet, like the Aerion AS2?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a supersonic business jet like the Aerion AS2.	Guesser said: Is the object a Hawker jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Hawker jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Pilatus PC-24 jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Pilatus PC-24 jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of regional jet used for business purposes, like the Embraer ERJ series?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a regional jet used for business purposes like the Embraer ERJ series, but it is a type of jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a military jet that is sometimes used for business or private purposes, like the Lockheed JetStar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a military jet like the Lockheed JetStar.	Guesser said: Is the object a Citation Longitude jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Citation Longitude jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bombardier Global Express jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Bombardier Global Express jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a very light jet (VLJ), such as the Eclipse 500?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a very light jet (VLJ).	Guesser said: Is the object a type of experimental or prototype jet that is not widely known or used?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an experimental or prototype jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a business jet that is also used for medical or emergency services, like an air ambulance?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a business jet used for medical or emergency services, but it is a type of jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Concorde jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Concorde jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet used for executive transport, such as a VIP transport jet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for executive transport, including VIP transport jets.	Guesser said: Is the object an Airbus Corporate Jet (ACJ)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an Airbus Corporate Jet (ACJ).	Guesser said: Is the object a Sukhoi Superjet 100 used for VIP transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Sukhoi Superjet 100 used for VIP transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bombardier CRJ used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Bombardier CRJ used for VIP or executive transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 737 used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Boeing 737 used for VIP or executive transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a Lockheed L-1011 TriStar used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Lockheed L-1011 TriStar used for VIP or executive transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 used for VIP or executive transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 747 used for VIP or executive transport, such as Air Force One?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Boeing 747 used for VIP or executive transport like Air Force One.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dassault Falcon 7X used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Dassault Falcon 7X.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bombardier Global 7500 used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Bombardier Global 7500.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 757 used for VIP or executive transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Boeing 757 used for VIP or executive transport.
ammunition,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: It can be found indoors, especially in places like homes, shooting ranges, or military facilities, but it is not commonly found in every indoor setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any professional or occupational capacity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in professional and occupational capacities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to firearms or ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to firearms or ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition or a component of ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet or cartridge used in firearms?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to bullets or cartridges used in firearms.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific caliber of bullet or cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a specific caliber of bullet or cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bullet or cartridge, such as a casing or primer?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a component of a bullet or cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a casing used in ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to ammunition and includes a casing.	Guesser said: Is the object a spent or empty shell casing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a spent or empty shell casing.	Guesser said: Is the object a live cartridge, which includes a casing, primer, powder, and bullet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a live cartridge as it includes those components.	Guesser said: Is the object a dummy round or training cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dummy round or training cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank cartridge, which is used for training or ceremonial purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blank cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a tracer round, which is used to track the trajectory of bullets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tracer round.	Guesser said: Is the object an armor-piercing round, designed to penetrate armor or other hard targets?	Oracle said: The object can include armor-piercing types, but it is not limited to them.	Guesser said: Is the object a general category of ammunition that includes various types, such as full metal jacket, hollow point, and armor-piercing rounds?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general category that includes various types like full metal jacket, hollow point, and armor-piercing rounds.	Guesser said: Is the object simply "ammunition" or "ammo" as a general category?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is "ammunition" as a general category.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for your guidance. If you have another object in mind, I'm ready to guess again!	Oracle said: Wonderful! I'm thinking of an object. Please ask your questions to narrow it down.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: It can be found indoors, but it is not commonly found in most households.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific profession or occupation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in specific professions or occupations, particularly those related to law enforcement, military, and security.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or protection purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for training or practice in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for training or practice in a professional setting, particularly in military or law enforcement training.	Guesser said: Is the object related to firearms or weaponry?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to firearms or weaponry.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of target used for shooting practice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of target used for shooting practice.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory or equipment used with firearms?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of equipment used with firearms.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm sight or scope used for aiming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm sight or scope used for aiming.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm attachment or modification, such as a suppressor or muzzle brake?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm attachment or modification.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear or equipment used during firearm training, such as ear protection or eye protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of protective gear or equipment used during firearm training.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm cleaning or maintenance tool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm cleaning or maintenance tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm simulator or training device, such as a laser training system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm simulator or training device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition storage or carrying equipment, such as a magazine or ammo belt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of ammunition storage or carrying equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm training aid, such as a dummy gun or inert training weapon?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm training aid.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of range equipment, such as a shooting bench or sandbag rest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of range equipment like a shooting bench or sandbag rest.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ballistic testing equipment, such as a chronograph or ballistic gel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of ballistic testing equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm storage or security equipment, such as a gun safe or lock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm storage or security equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm handling or manipulation tool, such as a speed loader or snap cap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm handling or manipulation tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm training equipment used for improving shooting skills, such as a shooting simulator or virtual reality system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm training equipment like a shooting simulator or virtual reality system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm measurement or calibration tool, such as a bore sight or trigger pull gauge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm measurement or calibration tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm transport or mobility equipment, such as a gun case or tactical bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm transport or mobility equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm training or practice equipment that is not directly related to shooting, such as a reloading press or reloading equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm training or practice equipment like a reloading press or reloading equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm maintenance or repair equipment, such as a gunsmithing tool or kit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm maintenance or repair equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm-related clothing or gear, such as a tactical vest or holster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm-related clothing or gear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm training or practice equipment that involves physical activity, such as a shooting mat or barricade?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm training or practice equipment that involves physical activity.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm accessory that enhances performance, such as a bipod or recoil pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm accessory that enhances performance.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm training tool used for simulating specific scenarios, such as a target system that moves or reacts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm training tool or target system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm training equipment that is used for marking or indicating hits, such as a shot timer or hit indicator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm training equipment like a shot timer or hit indicator.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm-related tool or equipment that is used for analysis or data collection, such as a forensic tool or ballistic computer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of firearm-related tool or equipment used for analysis or data collection.
truck,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle with four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle with four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods or materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transporting goods or materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of truck, such as a delivery truck or a semi-truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a semi-truck or tractor-trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a semi-truck or tractor-trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck, like those used by courier services?	Oracle said: The object is a type of truck, but not specifically a delivery truck used by courier services.	Guesser said: Is the object a dump truck, used for transporting loose materials like sand or gravel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a dump truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utility or service truck, such as a garbage truck or a tow truck?	Oracle said: The object can be a type of utility or service truck, but it is not limited to those specific types.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck, used for transporting heavy or oversized loads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a flatbed truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck, often used for moving or transporting furniture and other large items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a box truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker truck, used for transporting liquids or gases?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a tanker truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire truck, used for firefighting and emergency response?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a fire truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement mixer truck, used for transporting and mixing concrete?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cement mixer truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated truck, used for transporting perishable goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a refrigerated truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck, which can be used for various purposes including transporting goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a pickup truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utility truck, such as a bucket truck or a crane truck, used for specific tasks?	Oracle said: The object is a general category of a truck, not specifically a utility truck like a bucket truck or crane truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of commercial truck, like a lorry, used for various transportation needs?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of commercial truck used for transportation needs.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel truck, often used for transporting goods and equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a panel truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a stake truck, used for transporting items that need to be secured with stakes or side panels?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a stake truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a box van, which is often used for transporting goods and can have a variety of uses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a box van.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck, used for towing or transporting vehicles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a tow truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over truck, known for its flat front and engine underneath the driver?	Oracle said: Yes, a cab-over truck fits the description of the object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a cab-over engine truck, often used in urban environments for its maneuverability?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over engine truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of cab-over truck, used for a variety of commercial transportation purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of truck used for commercial transportation purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medium-duty cab-over truck, commonly used for delivery and urban transport?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a medium-duty cab-over truck used for delivery and urban transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck with a cab-over design, commonly used for urban deliveries and transporting goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a box truck with a cab-over design.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated cab-over truck, used for transporting perishable goods in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a refrigerated cab-over truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over flatbed truck, used for transporting large or heavy items in urban environments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over flatbed truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over delivery truck, used for transporting various goods in urban settings?	Oracle said: It is a type of truck, but not specifically a cab-over delivery truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over dump truck, used for transporting loose materials in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over dump truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over tow truck, used for towing vehicles in urban settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over tow truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over utility truck, used for various service and maintenance tasks in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over utility truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over panel truck, used for transporting goods and equipment in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over panel truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over stake truck, used for transporting items that need to be secured with stakes or side panels in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over stake truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over garbage truck, used for waste collection in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cab-over garbage truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over cement mixer truck, used for transporting and mixing concrete in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cab-over cement mixer truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over fire truck, used for firefighting and emergency response in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cab-over fire truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over tanker truck, used for transporting liquids or gases in urban areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over tanker truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over livestock truck, used for transporting animals in urban or rural areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over livestock truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over moving truck, used for transporting household items during relocations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over moving truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cab-over box truck, often used for transporting goods in urban environments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cab-over box truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of cab-over truck used for a variety of purposes, but not limited to any specific function or design?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a general type of truck used for various purposes, but it is not limited to a specific function or design.	Guesser said: Is the object a general cab-over truck, which is versatile and used in different commercial applications without being tied to a specific type like a box, flatbed, or utility truck?	Oracle said: The object is a type of truck, but it is not specifically a cab-over truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of commercial truck that is not specifically a cab-over design, but is versatile and used in various applications?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general type of commercial truck that is versatile and used in various applications.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of medium-duty truck, used for a wide range of commercial purposes without being tied to a specific design like cab-over or conventional?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically defined by the type of truck or its duty classification, but it is indeed a truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose truck, commonly used in commercial settings for transporting goods and materials, without being tied to a specific type or classification?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general-purpose truck commonly used in commercial settings for transporting goods and materials.
revolver,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object can commonly be found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used by people on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Not typically, it is not used by most people on a daily basis.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: It can be used for recreational activities, such as target shooting or sport shooting.	Guesser said: Is the object something that requires ammunition to be used?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires ammunition to be used.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm, such as a rifle or a handgun?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of firearm.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a handgun?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is specifically a handgun.	Guesser said: Is the handgun a specific model or type that is well-known or widely recognized?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a specific type of handgun that is well-known and widely recognized.	Guesser said: Is the handgun a revolver or a semi-automatic pistol?	Oracle said: Revolver.	Guesser said: Is the revolver a specific model that is famous or iconic, such as the Colt Single Action Army or the Smith & Wesson Model 29?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a general type of object, not a specific model.	Guesser said: Is the object simply a revolver, without specifying a particular model?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is simply a revolver, without specifying a particular model.	Guesser said: Thank you for the clarification!	Oracle said: You're welcome! Feel free to ask any questions to help you guess the object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for personal protection or self-defense?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for personal protection or self-defense.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically owned by law enforcement or military personnel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically owned by law enforcement or military personnel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of service revolver commonly issued to law enforcement or military personnel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of service revolver commonly issued to law enforcement or military personnel.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard issue revolver, like the Smith & Wesson Model 10, often used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is similar to a standard issue revolver like the Smith & Wesson Model 10, often used by law enforcement.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard service revolver, used by law enforcement, without specifying a particular model?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of revolver, which can be used by law enforcement as a standard service weapon.	Guesser said: Thank you for the confirmation!	Oracle said: You're welcome! Please feel free to ask any questions to guess the object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is considered collectible or has historical significance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered collectible and may have historical significance.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular era or historical event?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often associated with the 19th and early 20th centuries, particularly in the context of the American Wild West and various military conflicts.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of revolver commonly associated with the American Wild West, such as the Colt Single Action Army?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of revolver that could be associated with the American Wild West.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of revolver associated with the American Wild West, like the Colt Single Action Army, without specifying a particular model?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general type of revolver associated with the American Wild West, similar to the Colt Single Action Army.	Guesser said: Thank you for the clarification!	Oracle said: You're welcome! Feel free to ask any questions to help you guess the object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically displayed in museums or collections due to its historical significance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can often be found in museums or collections due to its historical significance.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of revolver that is historically significant and commonly displayed in museums, like those used in the American Wild West?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of revolver that is historically significant and commonly associated with the American Wild West.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of revolver from the American Wild West era, often displayed in museums, such as a cowboy revolver or a six-shooter?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of revolver, similar to those used in the American Wild West era, like a cowboy revolver or a six-shooter.	Guesser said: Thank you for the confirmation! I believe I have a good understanding of the object now.	Oracle said: You're welcome! Feel free to ask any questions if you need more information to make your guess.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy revolver or six-shooter, commonly associated with the American Wild West?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with the American Wild West and can be described as a cowboy revolver or six-shooter.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for confirming. I believe the object you were thinking of is a cowboy revolver or six-shooter, commonly associated with the American Wild West.	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used on a daily basis by most people?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used on a daily basis by most people.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a device that is portable and can be easily carried around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be easily carried around.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a smartphone.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for verbal communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for written communication or messaging?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for messaging.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet or a similar device used for messaging?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tablet or a similar device used for messaging.	Guesser said: Is the object a device that is specifically designed for sending and receiving emails or text messages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically designed for sending and receiving emails or text messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used for sending and receiving instant messages or chat messages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sending and receiving instant messages or chat messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pager or similar device used for receiving messages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of pager used for receiving messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional alphanumeric pager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a traditional alphanumeric pager.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional alphanumeric pager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a traditional alphanumeric pager.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for confirming. I have successfully guessed the object.	Oracle said: I believe there might be a misunderstanding. You haven't guessed the object correctly yet. Please continue asking questions to identify the object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: I apologize for the confusion. Is the object a specific brand or model of a traditional alphanumeric pager?	Oracle said: The object is not a specific brand or model; it is a general alphanumeric pager.	Guesser said: Thank you for clarifying. Just to confirm, is the object a general alphanumeric pager used for receiving text-based messages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general alphanumeric pager used for receiving text-based messages.	Guesser said: Thank you for confirming. I have successfully guessed the object as a general alphanumeric pager.	Oracle said: Correct.
robot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for specific tasks or functions.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for entertainment or leisure activities, but it is not limited to those purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room of the house, such as the kitchen or living room?	Oracle said: The object is not commonly found in a specific room of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or is it typically stationary?	Oracle said: The object can be both portable and stationary, depending on its design and purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or health-related purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal care or health-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or manipulating content, such as documents, images, or videos?	Oracle said: Not specifically, but it can be involved in such tasks depending on its design and function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for cleaning or maintenance purposes, but it is not limited to those functions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vacuum cleaner or similar cleaning device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of vacuum cleaner or similar cleaning device.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or office setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in a professional or office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer or computing device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of computing device.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop or a tablet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a laptop or a tablet.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer or a workstation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desktop computer or a workstation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of server or network device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of server or network device.	Guesser said: Is the object a peripheral device, such as a printer or scanner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a peripheral device like a printer or scanner.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart home device or appliance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a smart home device or appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console or a related accessory?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gaming console or a related accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable device, such as a smartwatch or fitness tracker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wearable device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of calculator or similar computing tool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of calculator or similar computing tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for presentations or displays, such as a projector or digital whiteboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for presentations or displays.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for storage, such as an external hard drive or USB flash drive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for audio or sound, such as speakers or headphones?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for audio or sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for lighting, such as a smart bulb or lamp?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for cooking or food preparation, such as a microwave or blender?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for security or surveillance, such as a camera or alarm system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a device used for security or surveillance like a camera or alarm system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for measurement or monitoring, such as a thermostat or weather station?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for measurement or monitoring.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for charging or powering other devices, such as a power bank or charging station?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for charging or powering other devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for cleaning or maintenance, such as a robotic vacuum or air purifier?	Oracle said: The object can be used for maintenance, but it is not specifically a robotic vacuum or air purifier.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic tool or device used for repair or diagnostics, such as a multimeter or electronic tester?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic tool or device used for repair or diagnostics.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for data processing or analysis, such as a microcontroller or development board?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a device used for data processing or analysis like a microcontroller or development board.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for printing or creating physical objects, such as a 3D printer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for printing or creating physical objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for environmental control, such as a fan or air conditioner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for environmental control.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for timekeeping or scheduling, such as a digital clock or timer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for timekeeping or scheduling.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for transportation or mobility, such as an electric scooter or hoverboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for transportation or mobility.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for crafting or DIY projects, such as a soldering iron or electronic cutting machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used specifically for crafting or DIY projects.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for personal computing or productivity, such as a handheld organizer or PDA?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for personal computing or productivity like a handheld organizer or PDA.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for home automation or control, such as a smart hub or control panel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for home automation or control like a smart hub or control panel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for fitness or exercise, such as a treadmill or exercise bike?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for fitness or exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for heating or cooling, such as a space heater or fan?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for heating or cooling.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for photography or videography, such as a camera or camcorder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for photography or videography.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for navigation or location tracking, such as a GPS device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for navigation or location tracking.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for scientific or laboratory purposes, such as a microscope or spectrometer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used specifically for scientific or laboratory purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for learning or education, such as an e-reader or educational toy?	Oracle said: The object can be used for learning or education, but it is not specifically an e-reader or educational toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for writing or drawing, such as a digital pen or graphics tablet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for data storage or retrieval, such as a database server or archival system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for data storage or retrieval.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for internet connectivity or networking, such as a modem or router?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of electronic device used for internet connectivity or networking.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for recreational activities, such as a drone or remote-controlled toy?	Oracle said: The object can be considered an electronic device, but it is not specifically used for recreational activities like a drone or remote-controlled toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device used for building or construction, such as a 3D printer or CNC machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for building or construction like a 3D printer or CNC machine.
propeller,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or a man-made item?	Oracle said: The object is a man-made item.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban or rural areas?	Oracle said: The object can be found in both urban and rural areas, but it is more commonly associated with areas near water or airports.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or navigation purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods or people?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for transporting goods or people, but it is essential in mechanisms that do transport them.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger transportation system, like a vehicle or infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is part of a larger transportation system.	Guesser said: Is the object related to air or water transportation systems?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to both air and water transportation systems.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the docking or landing processes of air or water vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be involved in the docking or landing processes of water vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of buoy or marker used for navigation or docking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of buoy or marker used for navigation or docking.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the equipment used to secure or anchor water vehicles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to secure or anchor water vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the maintenance or repair of water vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to water vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment or tool used for maintaining or repairing water vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of equipment used in water vehicles, but it is not specifically for maintaining or repairing them.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the propulsion or steering system of water vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is part of the propulsion system of water vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller or a component of a propeller system used in water vehicles?	Oracle said: Correct.
shotgun,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: It can be found indoors, but it is not commonly found in every household.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific activity or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific activity or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a particular hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often related to certain hobbies or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in artistic or creative activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any kind of sport or physical exercise?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be associated with a sport known as shooting sports or clay pigeon shooting.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm or equipment used in shooting sports?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of firearm.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun, commonly used in clay pigeon shooting?	Oracle said: Correct.
album,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often found in living rooms, bedrooms, or home offices.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sitting or reclining?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sitting or reclining.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for reading or holding books?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for reading or holding books.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games or engaging in hobbies?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for playing games, but it can be related to hobbies, especially if someone is a music enthusiast.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing or storing musical instruments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for playing or storing musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or displaying music-related items, such as records or CDs?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to music and can be used for organizing or displaying music-related items.	Guesser said: Is the object a record or CD shelf or rack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record or CD shelf or rack.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or displaying vinyl records?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for holding or displaying vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record stand or holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record stand or holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record crate or box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record crate or box.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame or display case specifically designed for showcasing vinyl record covers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a frame or display case for vinyl record covers.	Guesser said: Is the object a turntable mat or slipmat used for displaying a vinyl record when not in use?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a turntable mat or slipmat.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item or accessory related to vinyl records, such as a wall-mounted display or art piece?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative item or accessory related to vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object a carrying case or bag designed for transporting vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a carrying case or bag designed for transporting vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning brush or kit used for maintaining vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cleaning brush or kit used for maintaining vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective sleeve or cover for vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a protective sleeve or cover for vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record storage cube or cabinet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record storage cube or cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record weight or stabilizer used to keep records flat during playback?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record weight or stabilizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a turntable or record player used for playing vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a turntable or record player.	Guesser said: Is the object a record clamp or puck used to secure vinyl records during playback?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record clamp or puck.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record divider or separator used to organize records within a collection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record divider or separator.	Guesser said: Is the object a record cleaning machine or device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record cleaning machine or device.	Guesser said: Is the object a record spindle adapter, used for playing 45 RPM records with a larger center hole?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record spindle adapter.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record display stand that showcases a single record in an upright position?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record display stand.	Guesser said: Is the object a record album frame that allows you to display an entire album cover on the wall?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record album frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a record storage crate or bin that is designed to be stackable or portable?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record storage crate or bin.	Guesser said: Is the object a record weight or stabilizer used to improve sound quality during playback?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record weight or stabilizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a record outer sleeve display, which allows you to show off the artwork while keeping the record protected?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record outer sleeve display.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record carrying case or bag designed for easy transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record carrying case or bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player needle or stylus used for playing vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record player needle or stylus.	Guesser said: Is the object a record cleaning brush or anti-static brush used to remove dust from vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record cleaning brush or anti-static brush.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record album cover or sleeve used for displaying or organizing records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a vinyl record album cover or sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record album storage box designed to organize and protect a collection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record album storage box.	Guesser said: Is the object a record cleaning fluid or solution used to maintain vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record cleaning fluid or solution.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record mailer or shipping box used for sending records safely?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record mailer or shipping box.	Guesser said: Is the object a record album storage cabinet or shelf specifically designed for vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record album storage cabinet or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a record weight or puck used to stabilize records during playback?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record weight or puck.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record carrying case or bag designed for easy transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record carrying case or bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record cleaning cloth or pad used to wipe dust and fingerprints off records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record cleaning cloth or pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a record album display easel or stand that holds records upright for viewing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record album display easel or stand.	Guesser said: Is the object a record album organizer or sorter that helps categorize records within a collection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record album organizer or sorter.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record cleaning machine or device used to deep clean records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record cleaning machine or device used to deep clean records.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record album cover frame, used to display album covers on the wall?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record album cover frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record storage cube or cabinet designed for organizing records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record storage cube or cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a record display shelf or wall-mounted rack that showcases multiple records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record display shelf or wall-mounted rack.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record cleaning solution or spray used to maintain records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record cleaning solution or spray.	Guesser said: Is the object a record weight or puck used to stabilize records during playback?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a record weight or puck.
piano,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use, or is it more commonly used in a professional or commercial setting?	Oracle said: The object can be used for both personal and professional settings.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: The object does not require electricity to function, but there are electronic versions of it.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld or does it have a larger size that requires placement on a surface or floor?	Oracle said: The object is larger and requires placement on a surface or floor.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to health or fitness?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in activities related to health or fitness.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the preparation or consumption of food or beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the preparation or consumption of food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or resting purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for seating or resting purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for entertainment and recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular type of game or sport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a game or sport.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or enjoying music or sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for creating or enjoying music or sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of keyboard instrument, like a piano or organ?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of keyboard instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: Correct.
hotplate,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in the kitchen or cooking area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for preparing or cooking food.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for heating or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for heating or cooking food.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a small appliance that can be placed on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a small appliance that can be placed on a countertop.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microwave oven.	Guesser said: Is the object used for toasting or baking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for toasting or baking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for boiling or steaming food.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric kettle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking rice or grains?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for cooking rice or grains.	Guesser said: Is the object a rice cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rice cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object multifunctional, capable of cooking a variety of foods beyond just rice or grains?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is multifunctional and can be used to cook a variety of foods.	Guesser said: Is the object an Instant Pot or a similar electric pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an Instant Pot or a similar electric pressure cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for slow cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for slow cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for steaming a variety of foods, such as vegetables and fish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for steaming foods.	Guesser said: Is the object used for frying or sauting food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for frying or sauting food.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric skillet or frying pan?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric skillet or frying pan.	Guesser said: Is the object an air fryer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an air fryer.	Guesser said: Is the object a deep fryer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a deep fryer.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-cooker or electric wok?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a multi-cooker or electric wok.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grilling food indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for cooking food indoors, but it's not specifically designed for grilling.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric griddle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric griddle.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: Correct.
battleship,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or natural?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or infrastructure?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine or motor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used for personal or commercial purposes?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for personal or commercial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used by public services or government entities?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used by government entities.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for emergency services, such as police, fire, or medical response?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for emergency services.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for public transportation, such as buses or trains?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for military purposes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used primarily on land, in the air, or on water?	Oracle said: The vehicle is used primarily on water.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a type of naval ship or boat?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of naval ship.	Guesser said: Is the naval ship an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No, it is not an aircraft carrier.	Guesser said: Is the naval ship a submarine?	Oracle said: No, it is not a submarine.	Guesser said: Is the naval ship a destroyer?	Oracle said: No, it is not a destroyer.	Guesser said: Is the naval ship a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.
boxcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or is it something that moves or can be moved?	Oracle said: The object can be moved.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or maintenance activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in construction or maintenance activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or related to vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to transportation and vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or equipment used for vehicle maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tool or equipment used for vehicle maintenance or repair.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or an accessory for a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a part of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object essential for the vehicle's operation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not essential for the vehicle's operation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for enhancing the vehicle's appearance or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for enhancing a vehicle's appearance or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the vehicle's safety or security features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to a vehicle's safety or security features.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting or carrying items with the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transporting or carrying items.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of carrier or container, such as a roof rack or a trailer?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of carrier or container.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof rack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a roof rack.	Guesser said: Is the object a bike rack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bike rack.	Guesser said: Is the object a car trunk organizer or cargo box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a car trunk organizer or cargo box.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof box or cargo carrier that attaches to the top of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a roof box or cargo carrier that attaches to the top of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a hitch-mounted cargo carrier?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hitch-mounted cargo carrier.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of basket or container that attaches to the vehicle, such as a cargo net or basket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of basket or container that attaches to a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of luggage or storage bag that is used with vehicles, such as a roof bag or trunk bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of luggage or storage bag used with vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a spare tire cover or a similar accessory used for carrying items on a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a spare tire cover or a similar accessory used for carrying items on a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towing accessory, like a tow dolly or tow bar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of towing accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rack or holder that attaches to the back or side of a vehicle, such as a ladder rack or kayak holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of rack or holder that attaches to a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cart or dolly used for transporting items to and from a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of cart or dolly used for transporting items to and from a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transporting animals with a vehicle, such as a pet carrier or kennel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically related to transporting animals.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cover or tarp used to protect or secure items being transported with a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of cover or tarp.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of strap or tie-down used to secure items during transport with a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of strap or tie-down.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or container that is specifically designed to fit in a certain part of the vehicle, like a saddlebag or pannier?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of bag or container designed to fit in a specific part of a vehicle like a saddlebag or pannier.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transporting liquids or gases with a vehicle, such as a fuel can or gas cylinder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to transporting liquids or gases.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting bicycles or other sports equipment with a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for transporting bicycles or other sports equipment with a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container or holder that is used for transporting food or beverages with a vehicle, such as a cooler or picnic basket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of container or holder used for transporting food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of luggage carrier or roof-mounted storage solution, like a cargo pod or ski box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of luggage carrier or roof-mounted storage solution.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of carrier or attachment used for transporting large or bulky items, such as a cargo trailer or flatbed?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of carrier used for transporting large or bulky items.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flatbed trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a utility trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object a car-top carrier designed for transporting large or bulky items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a car-top carrier.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck or similar enclosed vehicle used for transporting large or bulky items?	Oracle said: The object is similar in that it is used for transporting large or bulky items, but it is not a box truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a moving van or moving truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a moving van or moving truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping container used for transporting large or bulky items?	Oracle said: The object is similar in function but not exactly a shipping container.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo container that can be attached to a vehicle, like a shipping container but smaller or more specialized?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of cargo container that can be attached to a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a box trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a box trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object an enclosed trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an enclosed trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated trailer or container used for transporting perishable goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a refrigerated trailer or container.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping pod or portable storage unit that can be transported by a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of portable storage unit that is transported by a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable storage container, like a PODS container, used for moving or temporary storage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a portable storage container like a PODS container.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo trailer used for specific types of goods, such as a livestock trailer or horse trailer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cargo trailer used for specific types of goods like a livestock trailer or horse trailer.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping crate or pallet that can be loaded onto a vehicle for transport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shipping crate or pallet.	Guesser said: Is the object a detachable truck bed or cargo box that can be mounted onto a vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a detachable truck bed or cargo box that can be mounted onto a vehicle.
pedometer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used by people on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used by people on a daily basis, especially those who are health-conscious or track their physical activity.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: The object can be electronic, but it does not necessarily require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fitness tracker or activity monitor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fitness tracker or activity monitor.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartwatch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a smartwatch.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferryboat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or does it move?	Oracle said: The object typically moves.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation or public transportation?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in urban areas?	Oracle said: It can be found in urban areas, especially those near bodies of water.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of watercraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.
hardware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is primarily used in a particular area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a home office or study area.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication or information processing?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for information processing.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer or a laptop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a computer or a laptop.	Guesser said: Is the object used for printing or scanning documents?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for printing or scanning documents.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing data or files?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing data or files.	Guesser said: Is the object an external hard drive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an external hard drive.	Guesser said: Is the object a USB flash drive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a USB flash drive.	Guesser said: Is the object a network-attached storage (NAS) device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a network-attached storage (NAS) device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical storage, like a CD or DVD?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of optical storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid-state drive (SSD)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a solid-state drive (SSD).	Guesser said: Is the object a cloud storage device or service, like a personal cloud server?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cloud storage device or service.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of data storage medium like a tape drive or floppy disk?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of data storage medium like a tape drive or floppy disk.	Guesser said: Is the object a memory card reader?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a memory card reader.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal component of a computer, like a hard disk drive (HDD)?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is an internal component of a computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a RAM module?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a RAM module.	Guesser said: Is the object a motherboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a motherboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a graphics card (GPU)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a graphics card (GPU).	Guesser said: Is the object a central processing unit (CPU)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a central processing unit (CPU).	Guesser said: Is the object a power supply unit (PSU)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a power supply unit (PSU).	Guesser said: Is the object a cooling fan or heatsink?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cooling fan or heatsink.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sound card.	Guesser said: Is the object a network card or network adapter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a network card or network adapter.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage controller or RAID card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage controller or RAID card.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer drive, like an optical drive or disk drive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of computer drive.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of expansion card, other than the ones already mentioned?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of expansion card.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of connector or interface, like a USB port or HDMI port?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of connector or interface.	Guesser said: Is the object a BIOS chip or firmware component?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a BIOS chip or firmware component.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cable or wiring inside the computer, like a SATA cable or power cable?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of cable or wiring inside the computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of battery or power-related component within the computer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of battery or power-related component within the computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of peripheral device that is installed inside the computer, like a card reader or internal modem?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of peripheral device that is installed inside the computer.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal optical drive, like a CD/DVD/Blu-ray drive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal optical drive.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal Wi-Fi card or Bluetooth module?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal Wi-Fi card or Bluetooth module.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal modem?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal modem.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal sound card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal sound card.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal capture card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal capture card.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal card reader?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal card reader.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal TV tuner card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal TV tuner card.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal RAID controller card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal RAID controller card.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal fan controller?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal fan controller.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal USB hub or expansion bay?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal USB hub or expansion bay.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal optical drive emulator or virtual drive device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal optical drive emulator or virtual drive device.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal storage device, like an M.2 drive or a hybrid drive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an internal storage device like an M.2 drive or a hybrid drive.
