boat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it small enough to hold in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is larger than what can be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is generally smooth, though it can have some rough areas depending on its material and condition.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object? Is it regular, like a cube or sphere, or irregular?	Oracle said: The object has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object? Is it one color or does it have multiple colors?	Oracle said: The object can be of any color or have multiple colors, as it is often painted or designed according to personal preference or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, wood, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object can be made of various materials, including metal, wood, and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have moving parts.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, is the object a playground structure, like a swing set or a slide?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a playground structure like a swing set or a slide.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Typically, a boat does not have transparent or translucent parts, but some boats may have windows or other features that are.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle, such as a car or a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.
cashmere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing, furniture, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the upper body, lower body, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as an outer layer, like a jacket or coat, or as an inner layer, like a shirt or blouse?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as an inner layer, like a shirt or blouse.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn by a specific gender, or is it unisex?	Oracle said: The object is unisex and can be worn by any gender.	Guesser said: Is the object typically short-sleeved, long-sleeved, or sleeveless?	Oracle said: The object can be found in various sleeve lengths, including long-sleeved, short-sleeved, and sleeveless.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with casual, formal, or athletic wear?	Oracle said: The object is commonly associated with casual and formal wear.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a T-shirt.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: No, the object typically does not have buttons or a zipper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a pullover style, like a sweater or sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to make a pullover style, like a sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific type of fabric, such as cotton, wool, or polyester?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of a specific type of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a pullover wool sweater?	Oracle said: No, it is not a pullover wool sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as a single piece or as part of a layered outfit?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as part of a layered outfit.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool vest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool cardigan?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool cardigan.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool poncho?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool poncho.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool scarf?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool turtleneck?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool turtleneck.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool shawl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pullover.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool sweater vest?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool sweater vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool jumper?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool jumper.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool cape?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool cape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool hoodie?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool hoodie.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool blazer?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool blazer.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool kimono?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool kimono.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool cowl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool cowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover poncho?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool pullover poncho.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover sweater?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pullover sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool crewneck sweater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool crewneck sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover vest?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pullover vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover shawl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pullover shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover hoodie?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pullover hoodie.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover tunic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool pullover tunic.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover poncho?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pullover poncho.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover cowl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool pullover cowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pullover garment that is typically worn over the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a wool pullover garment worn over the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool garment that is typically wrapped around the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of wool garment that is typically wrapped around the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool wrap or shawl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool wrap or shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool blanket or throw?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool blanket or throw.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool sarong?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool sarong.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool pashmina?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool pashmina.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool stole?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wool stole.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool capelet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wool capelet.
chinaware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring, man-made, or both?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily composed of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily composed of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for holding or serving food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for holding or serving food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dishware, such as a plate, bowl, or cup?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of dishware.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically used for drinking, like a mug or cup?	Oracle said: Not specifically, but it can include items used for drinking.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for serving multiple people, like a serving platter or a teapot?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for serving multiple people, similar to a serving platter or a teapot.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic teapot?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic teapot.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food, like a serving bowl or a casserole dish?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for serving food.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic casserole dish?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic casserole dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic serving bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic serving bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object flat, like a platter or a tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not flat like a platter or a tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container with a lid, like a tureen or a covered dish?	Oracle said: Yes, a chinaware can include items like tureens or covered dishes, which are containers with lids.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic tureen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic tureen.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic covered dish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic covered dish.	Guesser said: Is the object used for keeping food warm, like a chafing dish or a soup pot?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for keeping food warm.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles or any other protruding parts?	Oracle said: Some chinaware items, like teacups or certain types of serving dishes, may have handles or protruding parts, but not all chinaware does.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic soup tureen?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic soup tureen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food, like a ceramic jar or canister?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving a specific type of food, like a butter dish or a gravy boat?	Oracle said: It can be used for serving food, but it is not limited to a specific type like a butter dish or gravy boat.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic punch bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic punch bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic sugar bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic sugar bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic soup bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic soup bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic fruit bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic fruit bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic tureen used for serving a variety of dishes, not limited to soup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic tureen.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic pitcher?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic pitcher.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic baking dish?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic baking dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic salad bowl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic salad bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic vase?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic vase.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic crock?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic crock.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic gravy boat?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic gravy boat.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic butter dish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic butter dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bread box?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic bread box.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic egg cup?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic egg cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic ramekin?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic ramekin.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic chip and dip set?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic chip and dip set.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic serving dish with a unique shape or design, such as a decorative platter or a novelty dish?	Oracle said: The object can be considered a type of ceramic, but it is not specifically a serving dish with a unique shape or design like a decorative platter or novelty dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic tea set?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic tea set.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic plate?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic plate.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic cup?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic figurine?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic figurine.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic coffee pot?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic coffee pot.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic utensil holder?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic utensil holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic mixing bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic mixing bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic casserole pot?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic casserole pot.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic saucer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic saucer.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic jug?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic jug.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic serving tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic serving tray.
chute,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric or a similar flexible material.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for clothing or apparel.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific industry or profession?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in specific industries or professions.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a typical suitcase?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is generally larger than a typical suitcase.	Guesser said: Does the object have any rigid or structural components, such as frames or supports?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have rigid or structural components like frames or supports.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover or enclose something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not designed to cover or enclose something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or movement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for movement.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flexible barrier or partition used in specific environments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of flexible barrier or partition.	Guesser said: Is the object used in outdoor environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in outdoor environments.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or straps for carrying or maneuvering?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have handles or straps for carrying or maneuvering.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to interact with wind or air currents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to interact with air currents.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kite or similar wind-powered device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of kite or similar wind-powered device.	Guesser said: Does the object have a streamlined shape to facilitate movement through air?	Oracle said: Yes, the object does have a streamlined shape to facilitate movement through air.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of parachute or similar device used for controlled descent through the air?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is similar to a parachute in that it is used for controlled descent, but it is not specifically a parachute.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paragliding wing or canopy used for gliding through the air?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paragliding wing or canopy.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hot air balloon envelope or similar structure used for aerial lift?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of hot air balloon envelope or similar structure used for aerial lift.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of base jumping wing suit or similar garment used for controlled flight?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of base jumping wing suit or similar garment used for controlled flight.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skydiving canopy or similar device used for descent after a jump?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of skydiving canopy or similar device used for descent after a jump.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of windsock or similar device used to indicate wind direction and speed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of windsock or similar device used to indicate wind direction and speed.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hang glider sail or similar device used for non-motorized flight?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of hang glider sail or similar device used for non-motorized flight.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of inflatable airship envelope or similar structure used for buoyancy in the air?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of inflatable airship envelope or similar structure used for buoyancy in the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of emergency evacuation slide used on aircraft for quick descent?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of emergency evacuation slide used on aircraft for quick descent.	Guesser said: The object is an aircraft emergency evacuation slide.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a life raft that is deployed from an aircraft in emergencies?	Oracle said: No, it is not a life raft.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of emergency evacuation chute used for rapid descent from an aircraft?	Correct
drawers,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically around 3 to 6 feet in height, 2 to 4 feet in width, and 1 to 2 feet in depth.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have shelves or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has compartments.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a wooden dresser?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a wooden dresser.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors that open outward?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have doors that open outward.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers that slide out?	Correct
floor,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary greatly, but it typically covers a large area within a room or building.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is generally smooth and hard, but it can vary depending on the material used.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object can vary, but it is often found in shades of brown, gray, or white.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: The object can be made from various materials, including wood, concrete, tile, carpet, or laminate.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat or does it have a three-dimensional shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flooring?	Correct
grout,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, fabric, or ceramic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of glass, fabric, or ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of paper, rubber, or stone?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? Would it fit in the palm of a hand, is it larger than a person, or somewhere in between?	Oracle said: The object is typically larger than the palm of a hand but not larger than a person. It can vary in size depending on its application.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth or rough texture?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rough texture.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in construction or architecture.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brick or tile?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of brick or tile.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone countertop or tabletop?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone countertop or tabletop.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone sculpture or statue?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone sculpture or statue.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone flooring or paving?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone flooring or paving.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone fireplace or mantel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone fireplace or mantel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone wall or wall cladding?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone wall or wall cladding.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone sink or basin?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone sink or basin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone column or pillar?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone column or pillar.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone roofing material, like a slate roof tile?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone roofing material like a slate roof tile.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone countertop or tabletop?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone countertop or tabletop.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for decorative elements, like a stone vase or bowl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for decorative elements like a stone vase or bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a specific architectural feature, such as a keystone or lintel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a specific architectural feature like a keystone or lintel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for countertops or vanity tops?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for countertops or vanity tops.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a hearth or hearth surround?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a hearth or hearth surround.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a specific piece of furniture, like a stone bench or table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a specific piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a structural element, like a foundation or support beam?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a structural element like a foundation or support beam.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a backsplash or wall accent?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a backsplash or wall accent.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a monument or memorial?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a monument or memorial.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a gravestone or headstone?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a gravestone or headstone.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a mosaic or decorative inlay?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a mosaic or decorative inlay.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a specific utility or functional item, like a mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a specific utility or functional item like a mortar and pestle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a chimney or chimney cap?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a chimney or chimney cap.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a fireplace surround or hearth?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a fireplace surround or hearth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a garden or landscaping feature, like a stone fountain or birdbath?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a garden or landscaping feature like a stone fountain or birdbath.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a countertop or vanity top?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a countertop or vanity top.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a stair or step?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a stair or step.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a sculpture or carving?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a sculpture or carving.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a millstone or grinding stone?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a millstone or grinding stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a pizza stone or baking stone?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a pizza stone or baking stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a bookend or paperweight?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a bookend or paperweight.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a tabletop or work surface?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a tabletop or work surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a coaster or trivet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a coaster or trivet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a cutting board or chopping block?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a cutting board or chopping block.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a building facade or exterior cladding?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a building facade or exterior cladding.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a specific type of tool or instrument?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of stone used for a specific type of tool or instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a fireplace hearth or surround?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a fireplace hearth or surround.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a countertop or vanity top?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a countertop or vanity top.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a flooring material, like a tile or slab?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for flooring material like a tile or slab.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a mantel or shelf?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a mantel or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a decorative panel or wall feature?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a decorative panel or wall feature.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone used for a countertop or vanity top?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of stone used for a countertop or vanity top.
helmet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically about the size of a human head.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rounded shape, often designed to fit snugly around the top and sides of a head.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to be worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct.
lumber,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is naturally occurring.	Guesser said: Is the object metallic, non-metallic, or a combination of both?	Oracle said: The object is non-metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's color or range of colors?	Oracle said: The object is typically brown, but it can also have shades of yellow, red, or gray depending on the type and condition.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily found on the Earth's surface or underground?	Oracle said: The object is primarily found on the Earth's surface.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific type of environment or ecosystem?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with forested environments or ecosystems.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily composed of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily composed of organic material.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by humans for any specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used by humans for specific purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fuel, construction, or another specific application?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for construction.	Guesser said: Is the object wood?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to wood.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a type of tree or tree product, such as lumber or timber?	Oracle said: Correct.
mural,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary greatly, ranging from a few feet to covering entire walls or buildings.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically smooth, but it can vary depending on the materials used.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: A mural can have a wide range of colors, as it is often a large painting or artwork on a wall, and the colors depend on the artist's choice and the theme of the mural.	Guesser said: Is the object a mural?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperback,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or glass?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or hygiene purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pieces or components?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have multiple pieces or components.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet or a stack of sheets?	Oracle said: The object is a stack of sheets.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck of playing cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a deck of playing cards.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or contains printed text?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for reading and contains printed text.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad or notebook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a notepad or notebook.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine or a booklet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magazine or a booklet.	Guesser said: Is the object a stack of sticky notes or post-it notes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stack of sticky notes or post-it notes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stack of flashcards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stack of flashcards.	Guesser said: Is the object a ream of printer paper?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ream of printer paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a pad of paper used for a specific purpose, like a sketchpad or legal pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pad of paper used for a specific purpose like a sketchpad or legal pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a stack of index cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stack of index cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of book.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperback novel?	Oracle said: Correct.
pavement,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood, glass, or fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of wood, glass, or fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of paper, rubber, or ceramic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of paper, rubber, or ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of stone, clay, or a composite material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of a composite material.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary greatly, but it is typically wide enough for people to walk on comfortably, often ranging from a few feet to several meters in width. The length can extend for many meters or even kilometers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or structural purposes?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for structural purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in urban or rural environments?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in urban environments.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flooring or pavement?	Oracle said: Correct.
pill,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small, typically about the size of a pea or smaller, depending on its form.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a smooth texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can come in various colors, including white, blue, red, or even multi-colored, depending on its type and purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object edible?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is edible.	Guesser said: Is the object sweet in taste?	Oracle said: No, the object is not sweet in taste.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in cooking or as an ingredient in dishes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in cooking or as an ingredient in dishes.	Guesser said: Is the object often consumed for its nutritional benefits?	Oracle said: No, the object is not often consumed for its nutritional benefits.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for medicinal purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for medicinal purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pill or tablet?	Oracle said: Correct.
pocket,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body, lower body, or another part of the body?	Oracle said: The object is typically associated with the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn for formal occasions, casual settings, or athletic activities?	Oracle said: The object is commonly associated with casual settings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by a specific gender or is it unisex?	Oracle said: The object is unisex and not typically worn by any specific gender.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically associated with being used both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide warmth, comfort, or style?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily designed to provide warmth, comfort, or style.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable features such as pockets, zippers, or buttons?	Correct
pontoon,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g., handheld, larger than a person, etc.)	Oracle said: The object is larger than a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object itself does not have moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary, or is it meant to be moved or relocated?	Oracle said: The object is meant to be moved or relocated.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter or protection from the elements?	Oracle said: No, the object does not provide shelter or protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or containment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or containment.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form, such as a sphere, cylinder, or rectangular prism?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a specific shape or form, but it may not fit neatly into common geometric categories like a sphere, cylinder, or rectangular prism.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in residential areas, commercial areas, or both?	Oracle said: The object is more commonly found in commercial areas, particularly near bodies of water.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features that interact with water, such as openings, surfaces, or attachments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has features that interact with water.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a buoy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a buoy.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinctive colors or markings?	Oracle said: A pontoon can come in various colors, but it often has no distinctive markings specific to its function. It may have brand logos or identification numbers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon?	Oracle said: Correct.
pottery,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically smooth, but it can also have a slightly rough or grainy feel depending on how it is finished.	Guesser said: Is the object typically transparent, translucent, or opaque?	Oracle said: The object is typically opaque.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object can vary, but it is often found in earthy tones such as brown, beige, or terracotta.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in relation to food or drink.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pottery or ceramic dishware?	Correct
roof,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object can be made of various materials, including metal, wood, or other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object large enough for a person to use or interact with directly?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is large enough for a person to interact with directly.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for protection purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide protection from environmental elements, such as weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to provide protection from environmental elements, such as weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelter or covering, like an umbrella or a tent?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of shelter or covering.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No, it is not a tent.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No, it is not an umbrella.	Guesser said: Is the object a permanent structure, like a gazebo or a pavilion?	Oracle said: The object is part of a permanent structure.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof or a type of roofing material?	Oracle said: Correct.
scaffolding,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is larger and cannot be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or construction purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used for construction purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery or equipment used on construction sites?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of equipment used on construction sites.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving heavy materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for lifting or moving heavy materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting, shaping, or altering materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cutting, shaping, or altering materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing stability or support during construction?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing stability or support during construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scaffolding or framework?	Oracle said: Correct.
shirt,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Would it fit in a pocket, is it handheld, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a pocket-sized item and is typically handheld or worn.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors or patterns commonly associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can come in a variety of colors and patterns.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners or closures, such as zippers, buttons, or Velcro?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body, lower body, or another part of the body?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt or blouse?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically small enough to fit on a human foot.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically smooth with some areas that may be slightly rough or patterned, depending on the design.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object is often leather, but it can also be made from canvas, rubber, or synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by people?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn by people.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the feet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to be worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.
stair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it typically consists of multiple steps that can be several feet wide and high, depending on the location and purpose.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object can vary, but it is often made of wood, metal, or concrete.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form? If so, what is it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a specific shape. It typically consists of a series of flat surfaces, called steps, arranged in a sequence to allow for ascending or descending between different levels.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: Correct.
swimsuit,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary greatly, typically ranging from small to large, depending on the person it is designed for.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on a specific part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body, lower body, or another specific part?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on both the upper and lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of full-body garment?	Oracle said: No, it is not a full-body garment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet or legs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the feet or legs.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head or neck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the head or neck.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands or arms?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the hands or arms.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the torso or waist?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn around the torso or waist.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of belt or sash?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of belt or sash.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of undergarment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest or corset?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of vest or corset.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of apron?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of apron.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt or top that extends to cover part of the lower body?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of shirt or top that extends to cover part of the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress or gown?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of dress or gown.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of jacket or coat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe or kimono?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of robe or kimono.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of harness or wrap?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of harness or wrap.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of costume or uniform accessory?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of costume or uniform accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of overalls or jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of overalls or jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sarong or pareo?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of sarong or pareo.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cummerbund?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of cummerbund.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of girdle or shapewear?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of girdle or shapewear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poncho or cape?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of poncho or cape.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bib?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of bib.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf or shawl?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of scarf or shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest or waistcoat?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of vest or waistcoat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bodysuit or leotard?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of bodysuit or leotard.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tunic?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of tunic.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sash or band worn around the torso?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of sash or band worn around the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vestment or ceremonial garment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of vestment or ceremonial garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of life jacket or flotation device?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of life jacket or flotation device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel or wrap used for covering the torso?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of towel or wrap used for covering the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of girdle or shapewear?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of girdle or shapewear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of backpack or bag worn around the torso?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of backpack or bag worn around the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bulletproof vest or protective gear?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of bulletproof vest or protective gear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of apron or smock?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of apron or smock.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of maternity belt or support garment?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of maternity belt or support garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports bra or athletic support garment?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of sports bra or athletic support garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fanny pack or waist pouch?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of fanny pack or waist pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cummerbund or waist cincher?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of cummerbund or waist cincher.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kilt or similar garment?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of kilt or similar garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of swimsuit or swimwear?	Oracle said: Correct.
tights,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, fabric, or ceramic?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing, furniture, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for clothing.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object? Is it small enough to fit in a hand, medium-sized like a shirt, or large like a coat?	Oracle said: The object is medium-sized like a shirt.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like buttons, zippers, or pockets?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have buttons, zippers, or pockets.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as an undergarment or as an outer layer?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as an undergarment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific gender or is it unisex?	Oracle said: The object is typically associated with a specific gender, but it can be unisex as well.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a T-shirt.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso completely or partially?	Oracle said: The object does not cover the torso at all.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet, legs, or another part of the body?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the legs.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn under pants or skirts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn under pants or skirts.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings or tights?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally small enough to be worn by a person.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and smooth, often made from materials like cotton, silk, or synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing or accessory purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for clothing purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the upper body, lower body, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly worn on the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by itself or as part of a set?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as part of a set.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn in formal or casual settings?	Oracle said: The object is often worn in casual settings.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a pair of pants or shorts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of pants or shorts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn under other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn under other clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwear, such as briefs or boxers?	Oracle said: Correct.
