armor,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically large enough to cover and protect a human body.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically hard and smooth, often with a metallic or leather-like feel.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object can vary, but it is often metallic, such as silver or gray.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for protection or safety.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of armor?	Oracle said: Correct.
diaper,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally small enough to be worn by a baby or a toddler.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a soft and cloth-like texture on the outside, with a more absorbent, slightly padded texture on the inside.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose related to babies or toddlers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific purpose related to babies or toddlers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for hygiene purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: Correct.
spandex,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, as it is a flexible material that can stretch to fit different dimensions.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth and stretchy.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can come in various colors, so it doesn't have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object elastic or does it have elastic properties?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has elastic properties.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in clothing or apparel.	Guesser said: Is the object spandex or a similar elastic fabric?	Oracle said: Correct.
chessboard,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 18 to 20 inches on each side.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for sitting or supporting items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for sitting or supporting items.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth or textured surface?	Oracle said: The object has a smooth surface.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or holding items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for organizing or holding items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, such as the kitchen or living room?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the living room or a game room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for recreational or entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a specific pattern on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a chessboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
wagon,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally large enough to carry people or goods.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object can vary, but it is often made of wood or metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land, water, or in the air?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on land.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a train.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No, it is not a car.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bicycle.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a motorcycle.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for carrying goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for carrying goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No, it is not a van.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No, it is not a pickup truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No, it is not a scooter.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No, it is not a cart.	Guesser said: Is the object a small truck, like a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No, it is not a small truck or a delivery truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No, it is not a golf cart.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No, it is not a wheelbarrow.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand truck or dolly?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hand truck or dolly.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.
mat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: The object is generally smaller than a human but can vary in size.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is typically rough or coarse, but it can also be smooth depending on the material used.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color can vary, but it is often found in neutral tones like brown, beige, or gray.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or resting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for resting.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture, like a chair or a stool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of furniture like a chair or a stool.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or lying down?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for lying down.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bedding, like a mattress or a cushion?	Correct
tinfoil,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically sold in rolls that are about 12 inches wide and can be as long as 75 feet or more. Individual pieces can be cut to different sizes depending on the need.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a smooth and slightly crinkly texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically silver or metallic in color.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wrapping or covering items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for wrapping or covering items.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to art, writing, or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities related to art, writing, or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities related to cooking or food preparation, particularly for lighting stoves or grills.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden matchstick?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small, typically around 1 to 2 centimeters in length.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical or conical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a soft and smooth texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but it is often found in shades of beige, orange, or white.	Guesser said: Is the object edible?	Oracle said: No, the object is not edible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in any specific activity or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in a specific activity or task.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used in personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying cosmetics or skincare products?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for applying cosmetics or skincare products.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning ears?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning ears.	Guesser said: Is the object used for removing makeup or nail polish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for removing makeup or nail polish.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming or trimming hair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for grooming or trimming hair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal hygiene in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene related to nails or cuticles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal hygiene for nails or cuticles.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene related to the nose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal hygiene related to the nose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene related to feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal hygiene related to feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene related to shaving or hair removal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to shaving or hair removal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene related to oral care, but not for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to oral care or personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene related to ear care, but not for cleaning ears?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to ear care but not for cleaning ears.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect ears from loud noises or water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to protect ears from loud noises or water.	Guesser said: Is the object earplugs?	Oracle said: Correct.
platter,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is typically not small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric or textile material?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of fabric or textile material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass or ceramic material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of ceramic material.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in the kitchen or dining area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in relation to food.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dishware or cookware, such as a plate, bowl, or pot?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of dishware.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic plate?	Oracle said: No, it is not a ceramic plate.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bowl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic mug or cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ceramic mug or cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic serving dish or platter?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically medium-sized, often around 4 to 5 feet tall for a standard model.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth, metallic texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but it is commonly red, blue, or green.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object does have moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with any particular weather conditions or seasons?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with any particular weather conditions or seasons.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp or pointed parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any sharp or pointed parts.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or movement?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or movement.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or signaling?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of antenna or tower?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of antenna or tower.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically small to medium-sized, easily held in one hand or mounted in a fixed position.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and metallic texture.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically dome-shaped with a hollow interior.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object make any sound when in use?	Oracle said: Yes, the object makes sound when in use.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce or amplify sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of speaker or loudspeaker?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of speaker or loudspeaker.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No, the object does not require an external power source to function.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of percussion instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bell?	Oracle said: Correct.
terrycloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically found in dimensions suitable for personal use, such as hand towels, bath towels, or washcloths.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific room of the house? If so, which room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a specific room of the house, and that room is the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for drying purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes, a terrycloth is a type of towel, but I am specifically thinking of a terrycloth.	Guesser said: Is the new object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is often found in dimensions suitable for hand towels, bath towels, or washcloths, typically ranging from small squares to larger rectangles.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific room of the house? If so, which room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for drying purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes, a terrycloth is a type of towel, but it's not the exact object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a washcloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hand towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No, it is not a bath mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a face towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a face towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel wrap or body wrap?	Oracle said: No, it is not a towel wrap or body wrap.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a kitchen towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a beach towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a microfiber towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel or hair turban?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hair towel or hair turban.	Guesser said: Is the object a fingertip towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a fingertip towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a gym towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a gym towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tea towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable towel or paper towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a disposable towel or paper towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a guest towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a guest towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth or rag?	Oracle said: It can be used as a cleaning cloth, but it is not specifically a cleaning cloth or rag.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No, it is not a dishcloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a chamois or shammy?	Oracle said: No, it is not a chamois or shammy.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath sheet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a bath sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a flannel or face cloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flannel or face cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a burp cloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a burp cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a sauna towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sauna towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable cleaning towel, like a microfiber cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No, it is not a microfiber cleaning cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a terry towel used for specific purposes, like a spa towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a terry towel used for specific purposes like a spa towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mitt or wash mitt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath mitt or wash mitt.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper cloth or cloth diaper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a diaper cloth or cloth diaper.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel used for sports, like a sports towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a sports towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a golf towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a hooded towel, often used for children or babies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hooded towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a poncho towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweat towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweat towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: No, it is not a dish towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a travel towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable napkin or cloth napkin?	Oracle said: No, it is not a reusable napkin or cloth napkin.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel liner or towel insert, used for added absorbency?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a towel liner or towel insert.
teakettle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small, typically able to fit comfortably on a kitchen countertop or stove.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically round or oval with a spout and a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object is metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing something?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for holding or containing something.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the preparation or serving of food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in the preparation or serving of beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically handheld and can vary in size, but generally, it is around 6 to 8 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth, metallic texture with some parts that may have a rubber or plastic grip for handling.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally elongated with two handles and a gripping head.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically around 6 feet wide and 3.5 feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The surface of the object is typically smooth and hard.	Guesser said: What color is the object typically?	Oracle said: The object is typically white with an orange square or rectangle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any specific purpose related to transportation or travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any specific purpose related to transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with any particular environment or setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with a sports environment, specifically in basketball settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball backboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically long and flexible, often ranging from a few feet to over 100 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and flexible texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically green, but it can also be found in other colors like black, yellow, or red.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any specific environment or setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in outdoor settings.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with water or used for water-related purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with water or used for water-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: Correct.
saucepan,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically medium-sized, with a diameter ranging from about 6 to 12 inches.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically round with a flat bottom and tall sides.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The object's surface is typically smooth and metallic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No, it is not a frying pan.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have a lid or cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot or saucepan?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small to medium-sized, as it is designed to fit around a person's neck.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically rough and fibrous, as it is usually made from a rope.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically a light brown or beige color, often resembling the color of natural rope.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional components or features attached to it?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have additional components or features attached to it.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with any particular activity or setting based on its physical attributes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with a particular activity or setting based on its physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or securing something?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for securing something.	Guesser said: Is the object a noose?	Oracle said: Correct.
sofa,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying on?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for sitting or lying on.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room or bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa or couch?	Oracle said: Correct.