bandanna,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for food-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for office or work-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for office or work-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home decor or aesthetics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to home decor or aesthetics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for recreational or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of physical activity or exercise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for physical activity or exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object related to textiles or fabrics in any way?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to textiles or fabrics.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or used in clothing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn or used in clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory, such as a belt or a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head or neck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the head or neck.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat or headwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of hat or headwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry, such as a necklace?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie or bow tie?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tie or bow tie.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headband or hair accessory?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of headband or hair accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a neck warmer or neck gaiter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a neck warmer or neck gaiter.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mask or face covering?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of mask or face covering.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar or a detachable collar accessory?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a collar or a detachable collar accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bandana?	Oracle said: Correct.
filter,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in an office or study room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in an office or study room.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in a dining room.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in a laundry room or utility room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is most commonly found in a laundry room or utility room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing clothes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for washing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying clothes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drying clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ironing clothes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for ironing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing cleaning supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning floors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces other than floors, such as countertops or windows?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning surfaces like countertops or windows.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining appliances in the laundry or utility room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning or maintaining appliances in the laundry or utility room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for removing lint or debris from a dryer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for removing lint or debris from a dryer.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning a washing machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintaining or cleaning a washing machine.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning a water heater or boiler?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintaining or cleaning a water heater or boiler.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintaining or cleaning a vacuum cleaner.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning a utility sink or drain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintaining or cleaning a utility sink or drain.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning an iron or ironing board?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintaining or cleaning an iron or ironing board.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning a furnace or HVAC system?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for maintaining or cleaning a furnace or HVAC system.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace filter or HVAC air filter?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms of a house, such as bedrooms or living rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sitting or lying down.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed on surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a fragile material, such as glass or porcelain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of a fragile material like glass or porcelain.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material, such as wood or stone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of a natural material like wood or stone.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material, such as plastic or metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of a synthetic material.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in pairs or sets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not often used in pairs or sets.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific holiday or event?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with a specific holiday or event.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to hold or display other items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to hold or display other items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts or mechanisms?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts or mechanisms.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific color or range of colors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a specific range of colors, often associated with its material and finish.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to enhance the scent or atmosphere of a room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to enhance the scent or atmosphere of a room.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific style or design trend?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with a specific style or design trend, often related to its texture and appearance.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a centerpiece or focal point in a room's decor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used as a centerpiece or focal point in a room's decor.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to add texture or contrast to a room's decor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used to add texture or contrast to a room's decor.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in modern or contemporary interior design styles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in modern or contemporary interior design styles.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative throw pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to add color to a room's decor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used to add color to a room's decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative vase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative vase.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative rug or mat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative rug or mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative sculpture or figurine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative sculpture or figurine.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bowl or dish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bowl or dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative clock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative clock.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative candle holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative candle holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mirror?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative mirror.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative picture frame?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative picture frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bookend?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bookend.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall art piece, like a canvas or print?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative wall art piece like a canvas or print.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative table runner or placemat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative table runner or placemat.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative coaster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative coaster.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative artificial plant or flower?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative artificial plant or flower.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative curtain tieback or tassel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative curtain tieback or tassel.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cushion cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative cushion cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative book or stack of books?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative book or stack of books.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative lamp or light fixture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative lamp or light fixture.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative clock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative clock.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative ornament or knick-knack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative ornament or knick-knack.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative curtain or drapery.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative throw blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall sticker or decal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative wall sticker or decal.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bowl or dish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bowl or dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative table centerpiece?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative table centerpiece.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative clock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative clock.
flask,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store cold beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store cold beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object typically powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically powered by electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to keep beverages at a specific temperature for an extended period?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to keep beverages at a specific temperature for an extended period.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos or insulated bottle?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of fabric or textile materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store or organize clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used to store or organize accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or pouch?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of bag or pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize jewelry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize makeup or cosmetics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize makeup or cosmetics.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize shoes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize shoes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize small electronic accessories, like cables or chargers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize small electronic accessories like cables or chargers.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize travel items or toiletries?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize travel items or toiletries.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize stationery or office supplies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize stationery or office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize food or kitchen items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize food or kitchen items.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize sports or outdoor accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to store or organize sports or outdoor accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store or organize personal items like wallets or keys?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used to store or organize personal items like wallets or keys.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handbag or purse?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house. It can be found in various rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for a recreational or leisure activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or writing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or writing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a physical activity or exercise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for a physical activity or exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for protection, specifically against cold weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outerwear, such as a jacket or coat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of outerwear, but it is not as heavy as a jacket or coat.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater or sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a natural object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in urban areas.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to carry multiple passengers?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is designed to carry multiple passengers.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle commonly used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No, the vehicle is not commonly used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used for personal or private transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is primarily used for personal or private transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the vehicle is not typically used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle larger than a standard car?	Oracle said: No, the vehicle is not larger than a standard car.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle commonly used for commuting?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is commonly used for commuting.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a type of car?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically found in a specific room of a house, but it is often found in rooms where music is played or performed.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce sound or music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to produce sound or music.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument typically played with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is typically played with the hands.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a percussion instrument.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a string instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is a string instrument.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument typically played with a bow?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not typically played with a bow.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument typically played by plucking the strings?	Oracle said: Yes, the string instrument is typically played by plucking the strings.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a guitar?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a guitar.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument smaller than a guitar?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not smaller than a guitar.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a harp.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a bass guitar?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a bass guitar.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument typically associated with classical music?	Oracle said: Yes, the string instrument is typically associated with classical music.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a type of zither, like a concert zither or a similar instrument?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a type of zither or similar instrument.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a lyre?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a lyre.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a lute?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a lute.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a mandolin?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a mandolin.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a sitar?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a sitar.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a banjo?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a banjo.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a type of harp-like instrument, such as a lyre or kora?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a type of harp-like instrument, such as a lyre or kora.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No, the string instrument is not a piano.	Guesser said: Is the string instrument a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object a living organism?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a living organism.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant typically found in a specific type of climate or region?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is typically found in a specific type of climate or region.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in tropical regions?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in tropical regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in temperate regions?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in temperate regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in arid or desert regions?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in arid or desert regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in polar or cold regions?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in polar or cold regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in mountainous regions?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in mountainous regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in aquatic or wetland regions?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is commonly found in aquatic or wetland regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of algae?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of algae.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of flowering plant?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is a type of flowering plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having large leaves?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not known for having large leaves.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly used for food or medicine?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly used for food or medicine.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its distinctive flowers?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not particularly known for its distinctive flowers.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of grass or reed?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of grass or reed.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of moss or fern?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of moss or fern.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of tree or shrub?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of tree or shrub.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of aquatic or floating plant?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of aquatic or floating plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of vine or climber?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of vine or climber.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of sedge or rush?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of sedge or rush.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of carnivorous plant?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is a type of carnivorous plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having a pitcher-like structure?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not known for having a pitcher-like structure.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having a trap that snaps shut?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for having a trap that snaps shut.	Guesser said: Is the plant a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house. It can be found in various rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for a specific function or purpose. It is more decorative in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a particular material, such as wood, metal, or glass?	Oracle said: The object can be made from various materials, including but not limited to stone, metal, wood, or glass.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to enhance the aesthetic appeal of a room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used to enhance the aesthetic appeal of a room.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically small enough to be placed on a table or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a centerpiece or focal point in a room's decor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used as a centerpiece or focal point in a room's decor.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with holding or displaying other items, such as flowers or candles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with holding or displaying other items like flowers or candles.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific style or theme, such as modern, vintage, or abstract?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be found in various styles or themes, such as modern, vintage, or abstract.	Guesser said: Is the object often considered a form of art, like a sculpture or a figurine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often considered a form of art, like a sculpture or a figurine.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made by an artist or a craftsman?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made by an artist or a craftsman.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made to represent something specific, like a person, animal, or abstract concept?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is usually made to represent something specific, like a person, animal, or abstract concept.	Guesser said: Is the object often made of materials like ceramic or porcelain?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can often be made of materials like ceramic or porcelain.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly referred to as a figurine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly referred to as a figurine.	Guesser said: Is the object often displayed on a stand or base?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often displayed on a stand or base.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly referred to as a sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific areas of a house, often near doors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or privacy purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for security or privacy purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose related to entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a functional purpose related to the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people interact with directly when entering or exiting a house?	Oracle said: No, people do not typically interact with the object directly when entering or exiting a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to controlling the environment, such as temperature or air flow, near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to controlling the environment, such as temperature or air flow, near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to organizing or storing items near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to organizing or storing items near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the structure or framework of the house itself?	Oracle said: No, the object is not part of the structure or framework of the house itself.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or protection, but not directly for security purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be related to safety or protection, but not directly for security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against weather elements, such as rain or snow, near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to protect against weather elements, such as rain or snow, near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist with the movement or accessibility of individuals entering or exiting a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to assist with the movement or accessibility of individuals entering or exiting a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically attached to or placed on the floor near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically placed on the floor near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect or trap dirt and debris from shoes when people enter a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to collect or trap dirt and debris from shoes when people enter a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain something near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to hold or contain something near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide traction or prevent slipping near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to provide traction or prevent slipping near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or notify individuals of something near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to alert or notify individuals of something near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in pairs or multiples near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in pairs or multiples near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to managing or handling mail or packages near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to managing or handling mail or packages near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for footwear or related to shoes near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for footwear or related to shoes near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sound or noise-related purposes near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sound or noise-related purposes near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to pets or animals near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to pets or animals near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for identifying or labeling something near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for identifying or labeling something near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a seasonal or temporary use near the entry or exit of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to a seasonal or temporary use near the entry or exit of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a safety purpose, such as preventing a door from closing or opening unexpectedly?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a safety purpose, such as preventing a door from closing or opening unexpectedly.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of fabric or textile materials.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable or easily moved.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothing or personal items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or container?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for travel or commuting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for travel or commuting.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a backpack.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a suitcase.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tote bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duffel bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handbag or purse?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of handbag or purse.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a briefcase.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a garment bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of organizer used for storing toiletries or small personal items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of organizer used for storing toiletries.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pouch or small case used for specific items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of pouch or small case used for specific items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing electronic accessories, like cables or chargers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing electronic accessories like cables or chargers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing writing instruments or stationery items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing writing instruments or stationery items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing personal grooming items, like makeup or cosmetics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing personal grooming items like makeup or cosmetics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing money or financial items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing money or financial items.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in activities related to food or dining?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities related to food or dining.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for office or work-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for office or work-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home decor or aesthetics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to home decor or aesthetics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of physical activity or exercise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any type of physical activity or exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of crafting or creative activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for crafting or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of health or medical use?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of health or medical use.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of educational or learning purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for educational or learning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of book or printed material?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of book or printed material.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or instrument used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a tool or instrument used for educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in science or mathematics education?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in science education.	Guesser said: Is the object used for conducting experiments or demonstrations?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for conducting experiments or demonstrations.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass or plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of glass or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a beaker.	Guesser said: Is the object a test tube?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a test tube.	Guesser said: Is the object a graduated cylinder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a graduated cylinder.	Guesser said: Is the object a petri dish?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a petri dish.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipette?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pipette.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope slide?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microscope slide.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flask.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bunsen burner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Bunsen burner.	Guesser said: Is the object a funnel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a funnel.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a thermometer.	Guesser said: Is the object a dropper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dropper.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a balance or scale?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a balance or scale.	Guesser said: Is the object a model or replica used for educational demonstrations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a model or replica used for educational demonstrations.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container used in experiments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of container used in experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of safety equipment used in science education?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a piece of safety equipment used in science education.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of laboratory glassware or plasticware not previously mentioned?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a piece of laboratory glassware or plasticware not previously mentioned.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of measuring instrument used in science education?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of measuring instrument used in science education.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microscope.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of science educational tools or a kit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a set of science educational tools or a kit.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used for mixing or stirring in science education?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a piece of equipment used for mixing or stirring in science education.	Guesser said: Is the object a prism?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a prism.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying lens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying lens.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a compass used for educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of slides or cover slips used in science education?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a set of slides or cover slips used in science education.	Guesser said: Is the object a litmus paper or pH indicator strip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a litmus paper or pH indicator strip.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens or optical component used in science education?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a lens or optical component used in science education.
wastebasket,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can sleep on or in?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something you can sleep on or in.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage purposes, but in a specific way.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store personal items or valuables?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store personal items or valuables.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store books or reading materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store books or reading materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store electronic devices or gadgets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store electronic devices or gadgets.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store bedding or linens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store bedding or linens.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store cosmetics or toiletries?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store cosmetics or toiletries.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store shoes or footwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store shoes or footwear.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store toys or children's items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store toys or children's items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food or beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store documents or paperwork?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store documents or paperwork.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store jewelry or small accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store jewelry or small accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items related to sleep or relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store items related to sleep or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items related to hobbies or crafts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store items related to hobbies or crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items related to health or wellness?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store items related to health or wellness.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store items related to cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of decorative items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store decorative items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of media, such as CDs, DVDs, or vinyl records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store any type of media, such as CDs, DVDs, or vinyl records.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of textiles or fabrics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store textiles or fabrics.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of seasonal items or decorations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store seasonal items or decorations.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of pet-related items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store pet-related items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of sports or exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store sports or exercise equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of office supplies or stationery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store office supplies or stationery.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of musical instruments or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store musical instruments or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store any type of miscellaneous items that don't fit into specific categories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to store miscellaneous items that don't fit into specific categories, often temporarily.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand or bedside table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a nightstand or bedside table.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer or set of drawers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drawer or set of drawers.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket or bin?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of basket or bin.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a laundry basket.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin or basket used for organizing miscellaneous items in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a storage bin or basket used for organizing miscellaneous items in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a wastebasket or trash bin?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a natural object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to carry multiple passengers?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is designed to carry multiple passengers.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle commonly used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No, the vehicle is not commonly used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used for personal or family transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is primarily used for personal or family transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a type of car or automobile?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors, especially in laboratories or workshops.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for scientific or technical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for scientific and technical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or analyzing data?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measuring and analyzing data.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in chemistry or biology laboratories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in chemistry or biology laboratories. It is more commonly used in electronics and physics settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure electrical properties, such as voltage, current, or resistance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to measure electrical properties, particularly voltage over time.	Guesser said: Is the object an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bar of soap.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for cleaning hair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hands?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for cleaning hands.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exfoliating the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for exfoliating the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying the body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drying the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moisturizing the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for moisturizing the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaving or hair removal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for shaving or hair removal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for cleaning the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the face?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for cleaning the face.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of liquid or gel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of liquid or gel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or implement?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of tool or implement.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable after use?	Oracle said: No, the object is not disposable after use.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or cloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: The object can be made of plastic, but it is not exclusively made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found attached to a wall or fixture in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found attached to a wall or fixture in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a showerhead?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a showerhead.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water flow or distribution in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to water flow or distribution in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a faucet.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet tank or toilet-related component?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet tank or toilet-related component.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet or bidet attachment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bidet or bidet attachment.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel rack or towel bar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a towel rack or towel bar.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter or water softener system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a water filter or water softener system.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain rod or related to shower curtains?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower curtain rod or related to shower curtains.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub spout or related to the bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to the bathtub.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub drain or drain cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub drain or drain cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub stopper or plug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub stopper or plug.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub handle or grab bar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub handle or grab bar.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub faucet diverter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub faucet diverter.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub caddy or tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub caddy or tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub mat or non-slip mat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub mat or non-slip mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower valve or control knob?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower valve or control knob.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub overflow cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub overflow cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub spout?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub spout.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub liner or insert?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub liner or insert.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub surround or wall panel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub surround or wall panel.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub jet or related to a whirlpool feature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub jet or related to a whirlpool feature.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub safety rail or bar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub safety rail or bar.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish or holder attached to the bathtub?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a soap dish or holder attached to the bathtub.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub shelf or ledge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub shelf or ledge.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub knob or handle for adjusting water temperature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub knob or handle for adjusting water temperature.
cufflink,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to home maintenance or repair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for relaxation or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or tidying?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or tidying.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific hobby or activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with a specific hobby or activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a dining room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage or workshop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a laundry room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a garden or outdoor space.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room or area of the house that hasn't been mentioned yet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a specific area that hasn't been mentioned yet.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a hallway or entryway?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a hallway or entryway.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a basement or attic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a basement or attic.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home gym or exercise area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home gym or exercise area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home theater or media room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home theater or media room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a utility room or closet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a utility room or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home office or study?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home office or study.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a pantry or storage room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a pantry or storage room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a playroom or children's area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a playroom or children's area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a laundry room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home bar or entertainment area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home bar or entertainment area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a dining room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a dining room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a mudroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a mudroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a library or reading room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a library or reading room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home workshop or craft room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home workshop or craft room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific type of room that is not commonly found in every home?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a specific type of room that is not commonly found in every home.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home spa or sauna?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home spa or sauna.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home theater or media room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home theater or media room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a wine cellar or tasting room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a wine cellar or tasting room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a prayer room or meditation space?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a prayer room or meditation space.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home laboratory or science room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home laboratory or science room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a music room or recording studio?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a music room or recording studio.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home gym or exercise area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home gym or exercise area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home library or study?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home library or study.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game room or recreational area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a game room or recreational area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home greenhouse or indoor garden?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home greenhouse or indoor garden.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home cinema or screening room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home cinema or screening room.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a conservatory or sunroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a conservatory or sunroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home workshop or craft room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home workshop or craft room.
pamphlet,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in an office or workspace environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in an office or workspace environment.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending or receiving physical mail or messages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sending or receiving physical mail or messages.	Guesser said: Is the object used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for verbal communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for visual communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying information or messages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for displaying information or messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board, such as a whiteboard or bulletin board?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of board, such as a whiteboard or bulletin board.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or handheld?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable or handheld.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper or a paper-like material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of paper or a paper-like material.	Guesser said: Is the object used for labeling or identifying items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for labeling or identifying items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scheduling or planning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for scheduling or planning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for note-taking or recording information?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for note-taking or recording information.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying images or graphics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for displaying images or graphics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for instructional or educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for instructional or educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flashcard or cue card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of flashcard or cue card.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of manual or guide?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of manual or guide.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chart or diagram?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of chart or diagram.	Guesser said: Is the object used for presenting or showcasing information in a temporary manner?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for presenting or showcasing information in a temporary manner.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flip chart or easel pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of flip chart or easel pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sticky note or Post-it note?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sticky note or Post-it note.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of presentation card or placard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of presentation card or placard.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying written information temporarily, such as a sign or notice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for displaying written information temporarily, such as a sign or notice.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pamphlet or brochure used for instructional purposes?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for listening to audio?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for listening to audio.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for visual entertainment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for visual entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for interactive entertainment, such as gaming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for interactive entertainment, such as gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing comfort or ambiance in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing comfort or ambiance in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or fitness purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for health or fitness purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clock or timekeeping device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of clock or timekeeping device.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or enjoying scents or fragrances?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for creating or enjoying scents or fragrances.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or adjusting the environment, such as temperature or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for controlling or adjusting the environment, such as temperature or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or safety purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for security or safety purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of artistic or creative activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any type of artistic or creative activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of relaxation or stress relief activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for relaxation or stress relief activity.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of massager or massage device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of massager or massage device.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld massager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of handheld massager, such as a percussion massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a percussion massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld massage wand or stick?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of handheld massage wand or stick.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld massage wand specifically designed for deep tissue massage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically designed for deep tissue massage.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld massage wand designed for general relaxation and stress relief?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld massage wand designed for general relaxation and stress relief.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrating massage wand used for general relaxation and stress relief?	Oracle said: Correct.