furniture,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is most commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for seating or comfort?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for seating or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chair or sofa?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a recliner.	Guesser said: Is the object an armchair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an armchair.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rocking chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean bag chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bean bag chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a lounge chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lounge chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a swivel chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a swivel chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a folding chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a folding chair.	Guesser said: Is the object an accent chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an accent chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise lounge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise lounge.	Guesser said: Is the object a wingback chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wingback chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining chair?	Oracle said: No, it is not a dining chair.	Guesser said: Is the object an ottoman?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an ottoman.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a loveseat.	Guesser said: Is the object a club chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a club chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a papasan chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a papasan chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a futon chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glider chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a barrel chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a massage chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a massage chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a slipper chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise longue?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise longue.	Guesser said: Is the object a sectional chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sectional chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a recliner chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a parsons chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a parsons chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise lounge chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise lounge chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean bag chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bean bag chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a director's chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a director's chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gaming chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise.	Guesser said: Is the object a Windsor chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Windsor chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stool.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise lounge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise lounge.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a loveseat.	Guesser said: Is the object a settee?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a settee.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise longue?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise longue.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean bag chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bean bag chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rocking chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a chaise lounge chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chaise lounge chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a loveseat.	Guesser said: Is the object a pouf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pouf.
garment,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: It can be, but its primary purpose is functional.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people typically wear or carry with them?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that people typically wear.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for protection or safety?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn for protection or safety.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as a fashion accessory?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn as a fashion accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for a specific activity or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn for a specific activity or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically related to a sport or physical activity.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for a professional or work-related purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be worn for professional or work-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of uniform or part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a type of uniform or part of a uniform.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for identification or symbolic purposes in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily worn for identification or symbolic purposes in a professional setting.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on a specific part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the hands or wrists?	Oracle said: No, the object is not worn on the hands or wrists.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the torso or upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the torso or upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of apron?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of apron.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tie or neckwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of tie or neckwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of badge or name tag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of badge or name tag.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool belt or utility belt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of tool belt or utility belt.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of harness or strap worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of harness or strap worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear worn on the upper body, like a lab coat or smock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of protective gear worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of uniform or work attire, such as a specific shirt or jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a type of uniform or work attire.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wearable technology or device worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of wearable technology or device worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of undergarment worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or pouch worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of bag or pouch worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bib or protective garment worn on the upper body for specific tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of bib or protective garment worn on the upper body for specific tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lanyard or holder worn around the neck for carrying items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of lanyard or holder worn around the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sash or band worn across the torso?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sash or band worn across the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of medical or therapeutic garment worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of medical or therapeutic garment worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of costume or special attire worn for specific events or performances?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of costume or special attire worn for specific events or performances.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outerwear, like a coat or jacket, worn for warmth or weather protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of outerwear like a coat or jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of formal or business attire worn on the upper body, such as a blazer or suit jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of formal or business attire worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of belt or accessory worn around the waist that extends to the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of belt or accessory worn around the waist that extends to the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf or shawl worn around the shoulders or upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of scarf or shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of badge or insignia that is pinned or attached to the upper body clothing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of badge or insignia.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of personal flotation device or life vest worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of personal flotation device or life vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of backpack or carrier worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of backpack or carrier.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing item that is worn for a specific cultural or traditional purpose on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing item that is worn for a specific cultural or traditional purpose on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kimono.	Guesser said: Is the object a sari or a similar traditional garment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sari or a similar traditional garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho or a similar traditional garment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poncho or a similar traditional garment.
syringe,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities related to food or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizational or storage purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizational or storage purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or office-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or office-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or textiles in any way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to clothing or textiles.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any kind of hobby or craft activities?	Oracle said: While it is not commonly used in hobby or craft activities, it can be used in certain situations such as model making or precise application of liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or instrument used for precise application or measurement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a tool used for precise application.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipette or dropper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pipette or dropper.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying adhesives or similar substances?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for applying adhesives or similar substances.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying paint or ink?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for applying paint or ink.	Guesser said: Is the object used in medical or laboratory settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in medical or laboratory settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct.
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: The object is not specific to a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of entertainment or leisure activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of work or productivity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for work or productivity.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative or used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily decorative or used for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not directly related to safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of communication or interaction?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in communication or interaction.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or wellness in any way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or wellness.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on a daily basis.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any seasonal or occasional activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for seasonal or occasional activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any educational or learning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for educational or learning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of transportation or travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any particular age group or demographic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with any particular age group or demographic.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of crafting or creating?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in crafting or creating, particularly in construction or carpentry.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or instrument used in construction or carpentry?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to construction or carpentry.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool commonly used in carpentry, such as a hammer or saw?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hand tool commonly used in carpentry.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener or connector used in construction or carpentry, like a nail or screw?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fastener used in construction or carpentry.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a common type of nail, such as a finishing nail or a common nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a common type of nail like a finishing nail or a common nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of nail, such as a roofing nail or a masonry nail?	Oracle said: No, it is not a specialized type of nail like a roofing or masonry nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative or antique type of nail, such as a cut nail or a wrought nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative or antique type of nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for a specific material, such as a drywall nail or a flooring nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for a specific material like drywall or flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for temporary purposes, such as a tack or a brad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for temporary purposes like a tack or a brad.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used for a unique application, such as a double-headed nail or a ring shank nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for a unique application like a double-headed nail or a ring shank nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in upholstery or fabric work, such as an upholstery nail or a decorative tack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in upholstery or fabric work.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in framing or construction, such as a framing nail or a joist hanger nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in framing or construction like a framing nail or a joist hanger nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail used in outdoor applications, such as a galvanized nail or a stainless steel nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for outdoor applications like a galvanized or stainless steel nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for finishing or trim work, such as a casing nail or a trim nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for finishing or trim work.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in a specific craft or hobby, such as a model-making nail or a picture hanging nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used in a craft or hobby like model-making or picture hanging.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in heavy-duty applications, such as a spike or a concrete nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in heavy-duty applications like a spike or a concrete nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in a specialized industry or profession, such as a boat nail or a horseshoe nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in a specialized industry or profession like a boat nail or a horseshoe nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for a unique fastening technique, such as a spiral shank nail or a cut clasp nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for a unique fastening technique like a spiral shank nail or a cut clasp nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for securing specific components, such as a panel pin or a clout nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for securing components like a panel pin or a clout nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in construction for a specific purpose, such as a joist hanger nail or a hanger nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in construction for a specific purpose like a joist hanger nail or a hanger nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in woodworking, such as a dowel pin or a veneer pin?	Oracle said: The object is a type of nail, but it is not specifically used in woodworking like a dowel pin or a veneer pin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for attaching metal to wood, such as a roofing nail or a clout nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for attaching metal to wood like a roofing nail or a clout nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for attaching or securing wire, such as a wire nail or a fencing staple?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for attaching or securing wire.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for masonry or concrete, such as a masonry nail or a concrete nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for masonry or concrete.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in flooring, such as a flooring cleat or a flooring nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in a specific type of assembly or joint, such as a dovetail nail or a biscuit joiner nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used in a type of assembly or joint like a dovetail or biscuit joiner nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for a unique or less common application, such as a upholstery tack or a carpet tack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for a unique or less common application like an upholstery tack or a carpet tack.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used for general household repairs, such as a multipurpose nail or a general-purpose nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used for general household repairs or a multipurpose nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in artistic or decorative crafts, such as a mosaic nail or a craft nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of nail used in artistic or decorative crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nail that is used in a specific historical or traditional building technique, such as a square-cut nail or a hand-forged nail?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of nail that has historical significance and is associated with traditional building techniques.
fedora,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or office-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for work or office-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material, such as wood, metal, or glass?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric, such as wool or felt.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of textile or fabric decoration, like a rug or tapestry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of textile or fabric decoration like a rug or tapestry.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or used as an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn or used as an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used during colder weather or seasons?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically associated with colder weather or seasons.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat or headwear?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of hat or headwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a beret?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a beret.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in rooms like the kitchen, bathroom, or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces or floors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning surfaces or floors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with water or cleaning solutions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used with water or cleaning solutions.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dusting or sweeping?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for sweeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: Correct.
linen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a particular area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often used in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found on or near the bed?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found on or near the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides comfort or support while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes, it can provide comfort while sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket or duvet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blanket or duvet.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to cover or protect the mattress?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to cover a mattress.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedsheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector or mattress pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress protector or mattress pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread or comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread or comforter.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fitted sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt or dust ruffle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed skirt or dust ruffle.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress topper.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pillowcase.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric blanket or heated mattress pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric blanket or heated mattress pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy or mosquito net?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy or mosquito net.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard or footboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a headboard or footboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a quilt.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a throw blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep mask.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet set?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed sheet set.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed wedge or support pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed wedge or support pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed warmer or hot water bottle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed warmer or hot water bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress encasement?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress encasement.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a comforter.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolster or body pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bolster or body pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress protector.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed curtain or drape?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed curtain or drape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed tray or lap desk?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed tray or lap desk.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed rail or safety rail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed rail or safety rail.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet insert?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet insert.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed pillow sham?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed pillow sham.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed runner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed runner.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet clip or fastener?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed sheet clip or fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed topper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed topper.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand or bedside table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a nightstand or bedside table.
earplug,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of a specific material, such as wood, metal, or plastic?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of foam or silicone.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal care.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Not typically, but it can be stored there.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skincare or beauty purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for skincare or beauty purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical exercise or fitness?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for physical exercise or fitness.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or stress relief?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for relaxation or stress relief.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for sleep or to aid in sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to aid in sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of earplug or sleep mask?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of earplug.	Guesser said: Is the object foam earplugs used to block out noise for better sleep?	Oracle said: Correct.
bench,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is more commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element, like a plant or a rock, or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary, or is it something that moves or can be moved?	Oracle said: The object is typically stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational purposes, or does it serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: The object serves a functional purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or infrastructure?	Oracle said: The object is more related to infrastructure than transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing or supporting utilities, like water, electricity, or communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing or supporting utilities like water, electricity, or communication.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction or building, such as a component of a structure or a type of material?	Oracle said: No, the object is not directly related to construction or building as a component or material.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with public spaces or areas, like parks or streets?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often associated with public spaces or areas, such as parks or streets.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or providing rest in public spaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for seating or providing rest in public spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: Correct.
carafe,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a particular area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in relation to food or drink.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil or tool?	Oracle said: The object is not typically considered a utensil or tool.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or serving food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing or serving drink.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to serve hot or cold drinks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used to serve both hot and cold drinks.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container, like a mug or a glass?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher or a jug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pitcher or a jug.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glass, like a tumbler or a wine glass?	Oracle said: The object is not a type of glass like a tumbler or a wine glass, but it is often made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot or a carafe?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundress,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people on a daily basis?	Oracle said: The object is not typically used by people on a daily basis, but it can be used frequently depending on the season or occasion.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific season or type of weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a specific type of weather.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against a certain type of weather condition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to protect against a certain type of weather condition.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities or leisure during certain weather conditions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often associated with leisure and is typically used during warm weather conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in water-related activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in water-related activities.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides shade or comfort during warm weather?	Oracle said: It provides comfort during warm weather.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can sit or lie on, like a chair or a hammock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something you can sit or lie on.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you wear or apply to your body during warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something you wear during warm weather.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head or upper body?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the upper body and lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing specifically designed for warm weather, like a swimsuit or shorts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing specifically designed for warm weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of shorts.	Guesser said: Is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a T-shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a swimsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundress?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintbrush,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in a room where art or crafts are done, such as a studio or a craft room.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for creating or organizing art or craft materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for creating art.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for drawing or painting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for painting.	Guesser said: Is the object something that holds or contains paint, like a palette or a paint tray?	Oracle said: No, the object does not hold or contain paint like a palette or a paint tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or instrument used to apply paint, such as a brush or a roller?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a tool used to apply paint.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
mitten,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: The object is not commonly used on a daily basis, but it is used regularly during certain seasons or in specific conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a particular season or weather condition?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a particular season or weather condition.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily during cold weather or winter season?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used during cold weather or the winter season.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or used to keep warm?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn to keep warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory, like a scarf or gloves?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat or beanie?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hat or beanie.	Guesser said: Is the object earmuffs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not earmuffs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens?	Oracle said: No, it is not a pair of mittens.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of thermal socks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of thermal socks.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outerwear, like a coat or jacket?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of outerwear accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a winter coat or jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a winter coat or jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leg warmers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of leg warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of neck warmer, like a neck gaiter or snood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of neck warmer.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of body warmer, like a vest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of body warmer like a vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earmuffs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of earmuffs.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand warmer or pocket warmer?	Oracle said: The object is related to keeping hands warm, but it is not specifically a hand warmer or pocket warmer.	Guesser said: Is the object a muff?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a muff.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wrist warmers or arm warmers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of wrist warmers or arm warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of fingerless gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of fingerless gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are inserted into gloves or mittens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glove liners?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of glove liners.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens with a convertible flap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mittens with a convertible flap.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of heated grips or handlebar mitts for bicycles or strollers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of heated grips or handlebar mitts for bicycles or strollers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand muffs for strollers or prams?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand muffs for strollers or prams.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glove liners?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of glove liners.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gauntlets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of gauntlets.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wrist cuffs or wristlets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of wrist cuffs or wristlets.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are reusable and can be held in the hands?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of reusable hand warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of arm warmers that extend from the wrist to the elbow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of arm warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens that are designed to be worn over gloves for extra warmth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mittens designed to be worn over gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of heated gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of heated gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand-knitted gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand-knitted gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glove liners?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of glove liners.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand muffs that are attached to a coat or jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand muffs attached to a coat or jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are chemically activated and disposable?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand warmers that are chemically activated and disposable.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of fingerless mittens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of fingerless mittens.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of heated mittens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of heated mittens.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of fleece-lined gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of fleece-lined gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers that are battery-operated?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of battery-operated hand warmers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens with a fur lining?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mittens with a fur lining.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wrist gaiters?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of wrist gaiters.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leather gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of leather gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of ski gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of ski gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of snowball mitts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of snowball mitts.
receptacle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in specific areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or kitchen items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing food or kitchen items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass or plastic?	Oracle said: The object can be made of various materials, including glass, plastic, metal, or ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to store liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container, like a bottle or jar?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pitcher.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to store beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to store beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a water bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jar used for storing beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of jar used for storing beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug or cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mug or cup.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store or serve alcoholic beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to store or serve alcoholic beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermos or insulated container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of thermos or insulated container.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pitcher or carafe used for serving beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of pitcher or carafe used for serving beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot or kettle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a teapot or kettle.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container used for storing condiments or sauces?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for storing condiments or sauces.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for storing milk or juice?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used as a container for storing milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a milk jug or juice jug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a milk jug or juice jug.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic bottle typically used for storing milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass or plastic bottle typically used for storing milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a carton, like those used for milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a carton.	Guesser said: Is the object a decanter or dispenser used for milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decanter or dispenser used for milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pitcher with a spout used for pouring milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of pitcher with a spout used for pouring milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a container with a lid, like a Tupperware or similar storage container, used for keeping milk or juice fresh?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a container with a lid like Tupperware used for keeping milk or juice fresh.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container, like a glass or plastic bottle, that is often used for storing homemade or bulk-purchased milk or juice?	Oracle said: The object can be a reusable container, but it is not specifically limited to storing homemade or bulk-purchased milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a mason jar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mason jar.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher or jug with a handle, used for serving milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pitcher or jug with a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic container with a spout, used for pouring milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a glass or plastic container with a spout used for pouring milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a canister or a container with a sealable lid, often used for storing milk or juice in the refrigerator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a canister or container for storing milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher or carafe without a handle, often used for storing or serving milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pitcher or carafe without a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic jug, often used for storing milk or juice, that is typically larger and may have a screw-on cap or lid?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass or plastic jug.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable drink pouch or bag used for storing milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reusable drink pouch or bag used for storing milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic container with a wide mouth, often used for storing milk or juice, like a jar or bottle with a screw-on lid?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a glass or plastic container with a wide mouth like a jar or bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object a milk or juice carton holder, used to provide stability and ease of pouring?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a milk or juice carton holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic container with a lid, often used for storing and pouring milk or juice, such as a decanter or a bottle with a spout?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a glass or plastic container with a lid for storing and pouring milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is often used for storing and serving milk or juice in a casual setting, like a jug or pitcher without a handle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a container typically used for storing and serving milk or juice like a jug or pitcher without a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is often used for storing milk or juice in a refrigerator, such as a carafe or a specialized storage container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for storing milk or juice in a refrigerator.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic measuring cup that can be used to measure and pour milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass or plastic measuring cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is often used for storing milk or juice in a more decorative or presentational manner, such as a decorative bottle or a fancy carafe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a decorative bottle or fancy carafe for storing milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable milk or juice carton, designed to mimic the shape and function of a traditional carton but made from durable materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reusable milk or juice carton.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or plastic container, like a jug or bottle, that is used for storing and serving milk or juice, but not specifically a decorative or fancy one?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a glass or plastic container like a jug or bottle used for storing and serving milk or juice.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container that is commonly used for storing liquids in general, not limited to milk or juice, such as a generic storage bottle or container?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable container commonly used for storing liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic or glass bottle, like those used for water or other beverages, that can also be used for milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reusable plastic or glass bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container that is often used for storing liquids in bulk, such as a large dispenser or a container with a tap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable container for storing liquids in bulk.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container with a spout or nozzle, like a squeeze bottle, that can be used for dispensing liquids such as milk or juice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reusable container with a spout or nozzle for dispensing liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container with a wide opening, like a canteen or flask, that can be used for storing various liquids?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable container like a canteen or flask.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container like a glass or plastic jar with a lid, commonly used for storing various liquids?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a glass or plastic jar with a lid for storing liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container that is often used for storing liquids in the kitchen, such as a storage bottle or container, but not specifically for milk or juice?	Oracle said: The object can be a reusable container, but it is not specifically used for storing liquids in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container commonly used for storing non-liquid items as well, such as a storage bin or box?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable container commonly used for storing non-liquid items.
binder,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in an office or study area, but it can also be found in other rooms like a bedroom or living room.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for work or study purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for work or study purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or organizing information?	Oracle said: The object is used for organizing information.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of paper or cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal or plastic?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store items, such as documents or office supplies?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to hold or store items, specifically documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a file organizer or a document holder?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for organizing or holding documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic file folder or a document tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic file folder or a document tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder or a document storage box?	Oracle said: Correct.
patch,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity-related tasks?	Oracle said: It can be, depending on the context.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in educational or office settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in educational or office settings.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of artistic or creative activity?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to artistic or creative activities, especially in the context of textiles or crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sewing or knitting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in sewing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or accessory used in sewing, such as a needle or thread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of tool or accessory used in sewing like a needle or thread.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to hold or support fabric, such as a sewing machine or an embroidery hoop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to hold or support fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or marking in sewing, like a measuring tape or tailor's chalk?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or marking in sewing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or trimming fabric, such as scissors or a rotary cutter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cutting or trimming fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for embellishing or decorating fabric, such as buttons or patches?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for embellishing or decorating fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item like sequins or beads?	Oracle said: The object can be used decoratively, but it is not the same as sequins or beads.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ribbon or lace used for decoration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of ribbon or lace used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric paint or dye used for decorating textiles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric paint or dye.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliqu or fabric patch used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a type of fabric patch used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object an iron-on patch?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically an iron-on patch.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of embroidered patch?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be an embroidered patch.	Guesser said: Is the object an embroidered patch used for decorative purposes on clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be an embroidered patch used for decorative purposes on clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a sew-on embroidered patch?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a sew-on embroidered patch.	Guesser said: Is the object a sew-on embroidered patch used for decoration or personalization on garments or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a sew-on embroidered patch used for decoration or personalization on garments or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a sew-on embroidered patch, often used to personalize or decorate clothing and accessories, and not specifically an iron-on type?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedpan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a particular room of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used for oral hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for oral hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hair care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for hair care.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hand hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for hand hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skincare?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for skincare.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or disposing of waste?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for managing or disposing of waste.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can or waste bin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a trash can or waste bin.	Guesser said: Is the object used for disposing of feminine hygiene products?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for disposing of feminine hygiene products.	Guesser said: Is the object used for disposing of tissues or similar waste?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for disposing of tissues or similar waste.	Guesser said: Is the object used for disposing of liquid waste?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for disposing of liquid waste.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a urinal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bidet.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink or washbasin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sink or washbasin.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower drain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower drain.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub drain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub drain.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet tank or cistern?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet tank or cistern.	Guesser said: Is the object a plumbing fixture or component related to waste disposal?	Oracle said: The object is related to waste disposal, but it is not a plumbing fixture or component.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet brush or cleaning tool for maintaining waste disposal areas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet brush or cleaning tool for maintaining waste disposal areas.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom air freshener or deodorizer related to waste disposal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathroom air freshener or deodorizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom mat or rug that helps manage water waste?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathroom mat or rug.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet plunger?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet plunger.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet paper holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet paper holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet seat cover or lid?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet seat cover or lid.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom urinal screen or deodorizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathroom urinal screen or deodorizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet auger or snake used for unclogging drains?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet auger or snake.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet tank cleaner or drop-in tablet used for maintaining cleanliness and managing waste?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet tank cleaner or drop-in tablet.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet paper roll or toilet paper itself?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet paper roll or toilet paper itself.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet attachment or sprayer used for cleaning after using the toilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bidet attachment or sprayer.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet flapper or part of the toilet mechanism related to waste disposal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet flapper or part of the toilet mechanism related to waste disposal.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl cleaner or cleaning solution specifically for the toilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet bowl cleaner or cleaning solution.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet brush holder or stand used to store a toilet brush?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet brush holder or stand.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet step stool or squatty potty used to aid in waste disposal posture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet step stool or squatty potty.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bidet seat or electronic bidet used for cleaning after using the toilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet bidet seat or electronic bidet.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet cistern lever or handle used to flush the toilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet cistern lever or handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet tank lid?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet tank lid.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet gasket or seal used in the toilet's plumbing system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet gasket or seal used in the toilet's plumbing system.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl freshener or rim block that hangs inside the toilet bowl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet bowl freshener or rim block.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet tank float or fill valve component?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet tank float or fill valve component.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet paper dispenser or toilet roll holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet paper dispenser or toilet roll holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet seat bidet attachment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet seat bidet attachment.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet siphon or flush valve?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet siphon or flush valve.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet tank deodorizer or cleaning tablet that hangs inside the tank?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toilet tank deodorizer or cleaning tablet.
baseboard,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: The object can be found in multiple rooms of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the preparation or consumption of food or beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the preparation or consumption of food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or information purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing light or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing light or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for comfort or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily related to safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of work or productivity task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for work or productivity tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative or used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered decorative or used for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces for display?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces for display.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture or fixture?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fixture.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of window treatment, like curtains or blinds?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of window treatment.	Guesser said: Is the object related to flooring, such as a carpet or rug?	Oracle said: The object is related to flooring, but it is not a carpet or rug.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flooring material, like tiles or hardwood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of flooring material.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is placed on the floor, like a floor mat or a floor lamp?	Oracle said: The object is not placed on the floor like a floor mat or a floor lamp, but it is located near the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of baseboard or molding?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of baseboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard used for decorative and protective purposes along the bottom of interior walls?	Oracle said: Correct.
gown,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in a bedroom or a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn by a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the upper body, but it also extends to cover the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sleepwear or loungewear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sleepwear or loungewear.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn as part of a formal or professional outfit?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly worn as part of a formal outfit.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of dress.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a gown or evening dress?	Oracle said: Correct.
tile,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in specific areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can commonly be found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dining or serving food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for dining or serving food.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance or electronic device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an appliance or electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: It can be, but it often serves a functional purpose as well.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or holding items in place?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for organizing or holding items in place.	Guesser said: Is the object related to seating or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to seating or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily related to safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for consuming or enjoying beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for consuming or enjoying beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object related to timekeeping or measuring?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to timekeeping or measuring.	Guesser said: Is the object used for waste disposal or management?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for waste disposal or management.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information display?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication or information display.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control or regulation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to temperature control or regulation.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal hygiene or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preservation or storage, like a container or wrap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for food preservation or storage.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the preparation or serving of drinks, like a coaster or tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to the preparation or serving of drinks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for maintenance or repair.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for personal expression or creativity, like a piece of art or a craft item?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal expression or creativity.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound or music in any way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to sound or music.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of health or wellness purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for health or wellness purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of security or surveillance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to security or surveillance.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for writing or drawing, like a pen or a notepad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used for organizing or managing documents or papers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for organizing or managing documents or papers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for gardening or plant care.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of transportation or movement within the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or movement within the house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found on a table or countertop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found on a table or countertop.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of floor covering or mat, like a rug or a doormat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used as a type of floor covering.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rug.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat, like a kitchen mat or floor mat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flooring, like tiles or laminate?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tile used for kitchen flooring?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used as a type of tile for kitchen flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object ceramic tile used for kitchen flooring?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a ceramic tile used for kitchen flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type or style of ceramic tile, such as a subway tile or mosaic tile?	Oracle said: The object is a general tile and not specific to any particular type or style like subway or mosaic tile.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard ceramic floor tile used in kitchens?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of tile, but I am not specifying its use or material.	Guesser said: Is the object a general floor tile that can be used in various rooms, including the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a general floor tile used in various rooms, including the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose floor tile?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used as a general-purpose floor tile.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose ceramic floor tile?	Oracle said: Correct.
