bandanna,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical purpose, such as cleaning or organizing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture or home decor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory, such as a hat or a belt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earrings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of cufflinks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch or pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of eyeglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoelaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory, like a hairband or hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lapel pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of slippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoelaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of stockings or tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of ear muffs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keychain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a badge or name tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lanyard?	Oracle said: No.
filter,19.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes or utensils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors or surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hands or personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning appliances or kitchen equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the air or odors in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an air freshener or deodorizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a range hood or exhaust fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of air purifier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small, portable air purifier designed for kitchen use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a built-in air purifier system for the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a standalone air purifier that can be placed in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of charcoal or other natural material used to absorb odors in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of filter or insert that is used in another device to purify the air in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for practical purposes, such as cleaning or organizing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a fragile material, like glass or porcelain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of wood or metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often made of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically hung or draped, like a curtain or tapestry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging or fabric art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rug or carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blanket or throw used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tablecloth or decorative fabric used on furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of banner or flag used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric used for window treatment, like a valance or drapery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric lampshade used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based room divider or screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric garland or bunting used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative pillow or cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based cover or slipcover for furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based decorative item used for seasonal or holiday decoration, like a wreath or stocking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric used for wall decoration, like a wall panel or fabric mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based mobile or hanging decoration, like a canopy or mosquito net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based table runner or decorative centerpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based decorative item that is used on the floor, like a floor cushion or pouf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based decorative item used for storage, like a decorative basket or bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based item used for decorative purposes on beds, like a bed skirt or canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based decorative item used for lighting, like a lantern or light cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based decorative item used for covering or decorating ceilings, like a ceiling drape or swag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric-based decorative item that is worn, like a decorative scarf or sash?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative headband or hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tie or bow tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cape or cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric brooch or pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric wrap or stole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric wristband or armband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric corsage or boutonniere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric rosette or flower accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fabric ribbon?	Oracle said: Yes.
flask,17.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store dry goods or non-perishable items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep beverages cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet or shelf specifically designed for storing beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container, like a bottle or jug, used for storing beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos or insulated bottle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for practical purposes or tasks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture or home organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or dining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser or chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry basket or hamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf or shelving unit for storing textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothing rack or garment rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage box or bin for textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat hook or wall hook for hanging textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry drying rack or clothesline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe organizer or shoe rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen closet or cabinet specifically for storing textiles like towels or sheets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage ottoman or bench with space for textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket or quilt storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe or armoire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer organizer or divider for textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread or duvet cover storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric storage cube or basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry chute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric or textile storage bag, such as a vacuum-sealed bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain or drapery tieback or holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing box or sewing kit for storing textiles or sewing materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric steamer or iron for maintaining textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry sorter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pegboard or wall-mounted organizer for textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase or bedding storage solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel rack or towel bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric or textile storage trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry detergent container or dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline pulley or system for hanging textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt or dust ruffle storage solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry folding board or tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes pin or clip used for securing textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textile storage solution that is part of a piece of furniture, like an under-bed storage drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain rod or hardware for hanging textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric softener dispenser or container?	Oracle said: No.
sweatshirt,23.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used daily by most people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture or home organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt or top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,7.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element, like a plant or a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of land vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,48.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for a specific hobby or pastime, like reading or playing a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a physical activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an artistic or creative activity, such as drawing or crafting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something used for drawing or sketching, like a sketchbook or drawing pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for painting, such as a canvas or paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafting, like scissors or glue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or calligraphy, such as a pen or ink set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a musical activity, like an instrument or sheet music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument, like a guitar or violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smaller string instrument, like a ukulele or mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a larger string instrument, like a cello or double bass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument that is played with a bow, like an erhu or rebab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zither or a similar type of string instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lyre?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dulcimer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balalaika?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bouzouki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hurdy-gurdy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a koto?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bass guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a viola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I apologize for the repeated guesses. Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I apologize for the repeated guesses. Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I apologize for the confusion. Is the object a unique or less common string instrument, like a theorbo or a cittern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional or folk string instrument, like a bouzouki or charango?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clavichord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,24.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object, like a plant or a rock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grass or shrub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of moss or algae?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fungus, like a mushroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cactus or succulent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of aquatic plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bush or bramble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of herb or medicinal plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crop or agricultural plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wild edible plant, like a berry or nut-producing plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of non-flowering plant, like a conifer or gymnosperm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of parasitic plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seaweed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lichen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bamboo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of carnivorous plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,10.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical purpose, such as cleaning or organizing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or technology-related purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces like tables or shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of artwork, such as a painting or sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,27.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical purpose, such as cleaning or organizing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or device used for fixing things around the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is installed or built into the house for maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for monitoring or measuring aspects of the home environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a safety or protective purpose in the home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fire extinguisher or smoke detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electrical safety, like a surge protector or circuit breaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water safety, such as a water leak detector or a sump pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing doors or windows, like a lock or security bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to child safety, such as a baby gate or outlet cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to pest control or prevention?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to air quality or ventilation safety, like a carbon monoxide detector or air purifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fall prevention, such as a non-slip mat or handrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security, such as a security camera or alarm system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides protection against natural elements, like a weatherproof cover or insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to first aid or medical emergencies, like a first aid kit or medical alert system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fire safety, such as a fire blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to emergency preparedness, like an emergency flashlight or emergency kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to preventing damage or accidents in the home, such as a furniture corner protector or door stopper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a furniture corner protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door stopper?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,32.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry hamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric storage bin or box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pouch or sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth sack used for storage, like a burlap sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric shoe bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric dust bag, like those used for storing handbags or shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric wine bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric produce bag, like those used for fruits and vegetables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric tea bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric gift bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric pencil case or pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric cosmetic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric wallet or money pouch?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,28.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or office work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or dining, but not typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or sending messages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or sports activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home office or study?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or studying?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stationery or tool used for reading or studying, like a bookmark or magnifying glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reading lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Oracle said: Remember, the object is not used for lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses or something similar used to aid vision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyepiece?	Oracle said: No.	Oracle said: Correct.
wastebasket,15.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dining or serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or holding items in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or maintenance in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or utensil used for a specific task in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is disposable or meant for single use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste management, like a trash can or recycling bin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,7.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object, like a plant or a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for practical or functional purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home improvement or repair tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or safety purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is used occasionally rather than daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seasonal purposes or specific occasions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control, like a fan or heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for laundry or garment care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen, but not for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal entertainment, like a game console or TV, but not primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home office or work tasks, like a printer or scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the air or improving air quality, like an air purifier or humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage or preservation, like a refrigerator or freezer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or device used for crafting or DIY projects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene, like an electric toothbrush or hairdryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or mobility, like an electric scooter or hoverboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or media consumption, like a speaker or headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation, like a microwave or blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific hobby or specialized activity, like a sewing machine or telescope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to photography or videography, like a camera or camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music or sound production, like a synthesizer or audio mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or drawing, like a digital drawing tablet or 3D printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fitness or exercise, like a treadmill or stationary bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving model building or crafting, like a model train set or a 3D puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening or plant care, like a grow light or hydroponic system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gaming, but not a console or controller, like a VR headset or gaming chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving sewing or textiles, like a knitting machine or embroidery machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving remote control or robotics, like a drone or RC car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving cooking or baking, but not a typical kitchen appliance, like a sous-vide machine or bread maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving outdoor activities, like a metal detector or telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving collecting or displaying items, like a display case or digital photo frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby involving technology or electronics, like a soldering station or circuit board kit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer or computing device, like a Raspberry Pi or Arduino?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or device used for building or programming electronics, like a multimeter or breadboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soldering iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a multimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power supply used for electronics projects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of jumper wires used for electronics projects?	Oracle said: No.
tub,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah or bath sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth or towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body scrub or exfoliating product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object liquid or gel-based?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foam or mousse product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a powder-based product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable after a single use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is applied directly to the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or dispense a product used for cleaning the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a showerhead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the bathtub or shower structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain or shower door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drain cover or stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet or tap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub mat or shower mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish or holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grab bar or safety handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile or part of the tiling in the shower or bathtub area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower caddy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub knob or handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub or shower liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub or shower wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower niche or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub door seal or gasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub diverter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub headrest or pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub seat or bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub enclosure frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub water filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub or shower head attachment, like a handheld showerhead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower or bathtub water temperature gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub or shower overflow cover?	Oracle said: No.
cufflink,14.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used daily by most people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass or ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a personal accessory or jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brooch or pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.
pamphlet,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a practical or functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or personal accessories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home safety or security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific hobby or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors as well as indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to food or dining, but not specific to the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home improvement or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or office work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or managing documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication, such as a phone or intercom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture commonly found in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or holding office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for timekeeping or tracking time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shredding or destroying documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or data storage, like a USB drive or external hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for creating or managing physical copies of documents, like a printer or copier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for binding or organizing papers, such as a stapler or paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for cutting or trimming, like scissors or a paper cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal comfort or ergonomics, like a chair cushion or wrist rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintaining or cleaning office equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for filing or archiving documents, like a file folder or filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing or locking items, like a lock or safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stationery or office supply that is not used for writing, such as a rubber band or push pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for audio purposes, like speakers or headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to visual display or presentation, like a whiteboard or bulletin board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for postal or mailing purposes, like an envelope or stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for document protection or lamination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for ventilation or air circulation, like a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of support or holding, like a bookend or stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for labeling or identification purposes, like a label maker or name tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for planning or scheduling, like a calendar or planner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for data input or interaction, like a keyboard or mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of display or storage of information, like a corkboard or card holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of adhesive or fastening purpose, like tape or glue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for artistic or creative purposes, like a canvas or easel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of security or surveillance purpose, like a camera or alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for educational purposes, like a textbook or educational chart?	Oracle said: No.
vibrator,49.5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of the house, like the kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific bathroom function, like plumbing or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom speaker or radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or beauty purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom mirror with built-in lighting or defogger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterproof television or screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated towel rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart toothbrush holder or sanitizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom exhaust fan with a built-in Bluetooth speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a showerhead with LED lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a night light or motion sensor light for the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom clock with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel warmer with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital air freshener or scent diffuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom scale with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart shower controller or digital shower system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterproof bathroom TV remote?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom air purifier with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom dehumidifier with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom light fixture with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated toilet seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart mirror with a display screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom sound system or audio device specifically designed for use in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart toilet with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom scale with Bluetooth connectivity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital shower timer or water usage monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart towel dispenser or electronic towel dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom UV sterilizer or sanitizer for items like toothbrushes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterproof bathroom TV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom humidity sensor or monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom scale with voice features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom light with a built-in Bluetooth speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom bidet attachment with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom cleaning device with electronic features, like an electric scrubber or mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom gadget or accessory that is used for temperature control, like a digital thermometer or heated mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart shower speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom scale with Wi-Fi connectivity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom device used for ambiance, like a color-changing LED light or aroma diffuser with electronic features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital bathroom assistant or voice-activated device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathroom clock with a built-in radio?	Oracle said: No.