armor,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against environmental elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against rain or water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against cold temperatures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against sunlight or UV rays?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against wind or strong air currents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against hazardous materials or substances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against insects or pests?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against heat or fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against physical impact or injury?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or physical activities to prevent injuries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helmet used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the knees or elbows during sports activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands or wrists during sports activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the chest or torso during sports activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chest protector or body armor used in sports like baseball or martial arts?	Correct
diaper,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for health purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for measuring or monitoring health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for providing comfort or support to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to aid in sleep or rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the feet or legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the head or neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the back or spine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the arms or hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the torso or chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the mouth or teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the eyes or face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the ears or hearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the knees or joints?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to support or protect the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to protect the skin from environmental factors like the sun or cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to protect the skin from injury or irritation?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect the skin from irritation.	Guesser said: Is this object used in a medical or healthcare setting to protect the skin?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a healthcare setting to protect the skin.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of bandage or dressing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to apply or deliver a substance to the skin for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object worn on the body to protect the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of glove used in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of gown or protective clothing used in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of mask or face covering used in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of shoe cover or foot protection used in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of protective sleeve or cover for medical equipment that comes into contact with the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of adhesive or barrier film used in healthcare settings to protect the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cap or head covering used in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of protective pad or cushion used in healthcare settings to prevent skin irritation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of foam or gel pad used to prevent pressure sores or skin irritation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of disposable or reusable pad used to prevent skin irritation in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object an incontinence pad used to protect the skin from moisture and irritation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin from friction or shear in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin during medical procedures or surgeries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin from adhesive irritation in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin from bedsores or pressure ulcers in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin from moisture or bodily fluids in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of underpad or chux pad used to protect bedding and skin from moisture in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of wound care pad used to protect the skin from moisture and irritation in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin from moisture during post-operative care or recovery in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of pad used to protect the skin from moisture in a specific area of the body in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of ostomy pad used to protect the skin from moisture around an ostomy site in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of breast pad used to protect the skin from moisture in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of catheter pad used to protect the skin from moisture around a catheter site in healthcare settings?	Oracle said: No.
spandex,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What function does this object serve in a household setting?	Oracle said: This object is typically used for clothing or apparel purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for storing clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintaining clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for altering or modifying clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for altering or modifying clothing or apparel.	Guesser said: Is this object used for fastening or securing clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cutting or trimming clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for measuring clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for joining or attaching pieces of clothing or apparel together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for decorating or embellishing clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for embellishing clothing or apparel.	Guesser said: Is this object used for adding color or patterns to clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for adding texture or dimension to clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for adding small decorative elements to clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for creating or altering the shape or fit of clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for temporarily holding fabric in place to alter the shape or fit of clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for permanently altering the shape or fit of clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for supporting or enhancing the structure of clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for providing support or structure to specific areas of clothing or apparel, such as shoulders or waistlines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for providing support or structure to the overall shape of clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mannequin or dress form used for shaping and supporting clothing during design or alteration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for providing support or structure to clothing or apparel in a way that enhances the wearer's silhouette?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a petticoat or crinoline used to provide volume and support to skirts or dresses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset or similar garment used to shape and support the torso, enhancing the wearer's silhouette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoulder pad used to enhance the silhouette of clothing by providing structure to the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoop skirt or hoop petticoat used to give structure and volume to skirts or dresses, enhancing the wearer's silhouette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra or similar undergarment used to provide support and enhance the silhouette of the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bustier or similar garment used to shape and support the upper body, enhancing the wearer's silhouette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoulder brace or similar item used to provide support and enhance the silhouette of clothing by affecting the posture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a padding or filler used to enhance the silhouette of clothing by adding volume or shape to certain areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment steamer or similar device used to enhance the silhouette of clothing by removing wrinkles and providing a smooth appearance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist cincher or similar garment used to provide support and enhance the silhouette by shaping the waist area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a girdle or similar undergarment used to provide support and enhance the silhouette by shaping the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanger or similar item used to maintain the shape and structure of clothing when not being worn, thereby enhancing its silhouette when worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoulder roll or similar accessory used to provide support and enhance the silhouette of clothing by affecting the shoulder line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper or shapewear garment used to provide support and enhance the silhouette by smoothing and shaping the body under clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper or shapewear garment used to provide support and enhance the silhouette by smoothing and shaping the body under clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a body shaper or shapewear garment used to provide support and enhance the silhouette by smoothing and shaping the body under clothing.	Oracle said: Correct.
chessboard,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves hitting or striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves throwing or catching?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves balance or agility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves aiming or precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves shooting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves striking a target without using a projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a stationary target?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves hitting a ball towards a stationary target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves guiding or directing an object towards a stationary target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a stationary target and requires the participant to maintain a specific posture or form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves moving an object towards a stationary target without the use of a ball or projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a stationary target and requires physical strength or endurance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves accuracy in placement or positioning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves placing or positioning objects on a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves placing or positioning objects on a surface with the goal of reaching a specific arrangement or pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves placing or positioning objects on a surface in a competitive manner, such as in a game of strategy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of curling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of bocce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of lawn bowls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of shuffleboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of billiards or pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of chess?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chess piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chessboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
wagon,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine or motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for human-powered transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for individual transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to transport more than one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes as well as transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skating or gliding on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for balancing or maneuvering on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for both transportation and exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for water-related activities as well as transportation on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board used for transportation on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sliding or coasting on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be pulled or pushed by a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to be pulled or pushed by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cart or wagon used for personal transportation?	Correct
mat,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or aiding in movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for protection or safety.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable or something that is carried for protection or safety?	Oracle said: No, the object is not wearable or something that is carried for protection or safety.	Guesser said: Is the object installed or placed in a location to provide protection or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or safeguard something from environmental elements or conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or safeguard something from water or moisture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or safeguard something from heat or fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or safeguard something from physical impact or damage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or safeguard something from dust or debris?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cover or enclosure used to protect items from dust or debris?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of filter or barrier that prevents dust or debris from entering a specific area or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a household setting to protect something from dust or debris?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect electronic devices from dust or debris?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect furniture or home decor from dust or debris?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to protect certain surfaces from dust or debris.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tablecloth or protective covering for surfaces like tables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect floors from dust or debris?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of floor mat or rug used to protect floors from dust or debris?	Correct
tinfoil,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or chopping food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or blending food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for cooking food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for baking food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing food while it bakes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring ingredients for baking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying heat directly to food during baking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping or forming dough or batter before baking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for timing or monitoring the baking process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooling baked goods after they are removed from the oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transferring baked goods in or out of the oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for adding flavor or decoration to baked goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting or covering food during the baking process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for scientific or educational purposes?	Oracle said: No, it is not primarily used for scientific or educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for decorative or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for gardening or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for measuring or calculating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for energy generation or power supply?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for energy generation.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly found in residential settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to convert sunlight into electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to store energy for later use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity from wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity from water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity from fossil fuels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity from heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity through mechanical means?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity through chemical reactions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity through nuclear reactions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity through magnetic induction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity through piezoelectric effects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to generate electricity through a method not commonly associated with traditional energy sources?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am having difficulty identifying the object. Could you provide a hint about its function related to energy generation?	Oracle said: It is used to create fire.	Guesser said: Is the object a matchstick?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What tasks does the object assist with in a household setting?	Oracle said: The object assists with reducing or blocking out noise.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance privacy within a room or space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable and can it be moved from one location to another easily?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be moved from one location to another easily.	Guesser said: Is the object used by individuals for personal use rather than for an entire room or space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on or around the ears?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of noise-canceling headphones or earplugs?	Oracle said: Correct.
platter,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary use of this object?	Oracle said: The primary use of this object is to serve or display food.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to keep food warm or cold?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used to keep food warm or cold.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found in a kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used in restaurants or catering services?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to transport food from one location to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object electrically powered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have compartments or sections for organizing different types of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used for serving individual portions of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to cover or enclose food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to present food in a visually appealing way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used for buffet-style serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving platter or tray?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object primarily used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for written communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used in a digital format?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for creating or recording written communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for sending or delivering written communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used in postal services?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object an envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to indicate payment for postal services?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to protect the contents during postal delivery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a cardboard box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a padded mailer or bubble mailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to wrap or cover items for postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to hold multiple items together during postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to provide structural support for items during postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to secure items within a package during postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mailing tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to seal or close packages for postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to provide cushioning for items during postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mailbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to identify the recipient or sender during postal delivery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a mailing label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a return address label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a shipping tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a business card used for identification purposes in postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a name and address label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a postal barcode label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a mailing address card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a label used for addressing packages in postal delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a tag or card used for identifying postal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used as a form of identification that is affixed to or associated with a postal item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to categorize or sort postal items during delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a postcard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to confirm the delivery or receipt of a postal item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a delivery confirmation receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a signature confirmation form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a return receipt or acknowledgment card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a tracking number label or slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a certified mail receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a registered mail receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a delivery notice left by postal carriers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a proof of delivery document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a postal return receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a delivery confirmation card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a receipt or form used for insured mail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a green card used for return receipt service?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a postal receipt that is used to verify that a package has been sent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a signature card used to confirm delivery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a postal tracking slip used to confirm delivery?	Oracle said: No.
bell,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transmitting sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for broadcasting audio to a large audience?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a professional setting for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for amplifying sound in a live event or performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for facilitating communication in a conference or meeting setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication in a specialized field or industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of aviation for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of maritime communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a marine radio used for communication on ships or boats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for underwater communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication between a ship and a port or harbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for emergency communication in maritime settings?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for emergency communication in maritime settings.	Guesser said: Is the object an emergency distress signal device, like an EPIRB (Emergency Position Indicating Radio Beacon)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication in maritime emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio communication in lifeboats or life rafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for two-way communication in maritime emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for alerting nearby vessels or coast guards in case of a maritime emergency?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a foghorn or similar sound signaling device used in maritime settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a distress flare gun used for signaling in maritime emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle used for signaling in maritime emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a signal mirror used for alerting nearby vessels or coast guards in maritime emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bell or gong used for signaling in maritime emergencies?	Correct
terrycloth,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning clothes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for cleaning clothes.	Guesser said: Is this object used in conjunction with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to apply detergent or soap to clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be handheld.	Guesser said: Is this object used to scrub or agitate clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a washboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to remove stains from clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to manually wash clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a laundry brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to wring out water from clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to scrub clothes while they are submerged in water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a scrubbing board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a washcloth or sponge used for scrubbing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of washcloth.	Guesser said: Is this object a loofah used for scrubbing clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a microfiber cloth used for scrubbing clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a traditional scrubbing cloth or rag used for washing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as a scrubbing cloth or rag for washing clothes.	Guesser said: Is this object a terry cloth towel used for scrubbing clothes?	Oracle said: Correct.
teakettle,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or processing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or blending food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for baking food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for frying food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used specifically for steaming food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling food?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for boiling.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot or a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling food in a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling food with a specific appliance or tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rice cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker or crockpot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steamer pot used with a stovetop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pasta cooker or pasta pot with a built-in strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sous vide machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an egg boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water boiler or hot water dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fondue pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deep fryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot pot appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker or espresso machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea kettle used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation or movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a function related to maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repairing or fixing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in carpentry or woodworking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or joining pieces of wood together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping or smoothing wood surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or marking wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or sawing wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drilling or creating holes in wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or securing wood in place during work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for extracting or removing nails or screws from wood?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for extracting or removing nails.	Guesser said: Is the object a claw hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pry bar or crowbar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail puller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cat's paw tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object typically interact with?	Oracle said: The object typically interacts with a basketball and a hoop.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance or assist in the activity involving the basketball and hoop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support or stability during the activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by a person during the activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mark or define a specific area related to the activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve the accuracy or precision of the activity involving the basketball and hoop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help players practice shooting the basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball shooting aid or training tool, like a shooting sleeve or guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to return the basketball to the player after a shot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball return system or rebounder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch or collect basketballs after they pass through the hoop?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to catch or collect basketballs after they pass through the hoop.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball hoop net or chute designed to direct the ball back to the player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball return net or system that surrounds the hoop to catch and return the ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball ball return ramp or tray that collects the ball after it goes through the hoop and rolls it back to the player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball ball cart or bin that is placed under the hoop to collect balls after they pass through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball ball collector that attaches to the hoop and funnels the ball to a specific location after it passes through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of net or attachment that hangs from the hoop to guide the ball to a specific area after it passes through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device or mechanism that automatically retrieves basketballs after they pass through the hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat or surface placed under the hoop to help in collecting or managing basketballs after they pass through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mechanical arm or device that manually directs the basketball after it passes through the hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple structure or setup that utilizes gravity to direct the basketball after it passes through the hoop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball return chute or ramp that uses gravity to guide the ball back to the player after it passes through the hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple gravity-based funnel or slide system that directs the basketball to a specific area after it passes through the hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of backboard attachment that uses gravity to direct the basketball after it passes through the hoop?	Correct
hose,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is one function this object performs?	Oracle said: It delivers water.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to control the flow of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can this object be used to mix hot and cold water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used for watering plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be connected to a garden hose?	Correct
saucepan,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is one function of the object?	Oracle said: One function of the object is to cook food.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to cook food outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food using charcoal or wood?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to cook food using charcoal or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food over an open flame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by suspending it above the heat source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a campfire cooking tripod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food directly on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable cooking grate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by enclosing it within the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by skewering it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by steaming it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by frying it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by baking it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by boiling it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable camping pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by simmering it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable camping kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable camping pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cook food by using it as a container over a heat source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable camping saucepan?	Correct
noose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for safety or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for scientific or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for artistic or creative activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of recreational or sports activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of energy generation or power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of illumination or lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of furniture or home decor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of agricultural or farming activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of clothing or fashion purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of outdoor or camping activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of religious or ceremonial purposes?	Oracle said: It can be, but it is not primarily associated with religious or ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of writing or documentation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of musical activities or sound production?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of navigation or orientation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of preservation or conservation?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for preservation or conservation.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of signaling or alerting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of timekeeping or scheduling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of relaxation or stress relief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of educational or learning purposes?	Oracle said: No, this object is not used for educational or learning purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of decorative or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, this object is not typically used for decorative or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of ritual or traditional activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in some ritual or traditional activities.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of culinary or dining purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of hunting or gathering activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of tool or utility purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for utility purposes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of agricultural or farming activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of heating or temperature regulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of cutting or shaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for any kind of fastening or securing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of rope or cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a specific type of rope or cord used in rituals or traditional activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a ceremonial or ritual cord, such as a prayer rope or a knot used in specific cultural practices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional ceremonies for fastening or securing, like a handfasting cord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional or ritual activities for specific fastening purposes, such as a lasso or similar tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a lasso used in traditional or ritual activities?	Oracle said: No, it is not a lasso used in traditional or ritual activities.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional or ritual activities for fastening or securing, such as a bolo or similar tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a bolo used in traditional or ritual activities?	Oracle said: No, it is not a bolo used in traditional or ritual activities.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional or ritual activities for fastening or securing, such as a quipu or similar tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional or ritual activities for fastening or securing, such as a whip or similar tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional or ritual activities for fastening or securing, such as a sash or similar tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of cord used in traditional or ritual activities for fastening or securing, such as a girdle or similar tool?	Oracle said: No.
sofa,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can this object be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for listening to music or audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for watching visual content, like movies or videos?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for watching visual content, like movies or videos.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of screen or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to project images or videos onto a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to store or organize visual content, like movies or videos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to enhance the experience of watching visual content, like movies or videos?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to provide sound or audio while watching visual content?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to improve the comfort or convenience of watching visual content?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of furniture, like a chair or sofa, used for watching visual content comfortably?	Correct
