bandanna,50.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house; it can be found in various places.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: It depends on the individual, but the object is not typically used on a daily basis by everyone.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for recreational or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used alone or with others?	Oracle said: The object is typically used alone, but it can be used in the presence of others.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific hobby or pastime?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be related to specific hobbies or pastimes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with reading or writing activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with reading or writing activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in artistic or creative activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for drawing or painting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drawing or painting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in crafting or making things by hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in crafting or making things by hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or instrument used in crafting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of tool or instrument used in crafting.	Guesser said: Is the object a material or supply used in crafting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a material or supply used in crafting.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in textile or fabric-related crafts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in textile or fabric-related crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object yarn?	Oracle said: No, the object is not yarn.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or cloth?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object felt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not felt.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in sewing projects?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be commonly used in sewing projects.	Guesser said: Is the object cotton fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not cotton fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric known for its stretchiness, like spandex or jersey?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric known for its stretchiness, like spandex or jersey.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is known for its durability, like denim or canvas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric known for its durability, like denim or canvas.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for decorative purposes, like lace or satin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for decorative purposes, like lace or satin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for quilting, like batting or muslin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for quilting, like batting or muslin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is known for its warmth, like wool or fleece?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric known for its warmth, like wool or fleece.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for upholstery or home decor, like linen or velvet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for upholstery or home decor, like linen or velvet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is lightweight and often used for summer clothing, like chiffon or organza?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric that is lightweight and often used for summer clothing, like chiffon or organza.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for interfacing or stabilizing other fabrics, like interfacing or fusible web?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for interfacing or stabilizing other fabrics, like interfacing or fusible web.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for costumes or theatrical purposes, like tulle or brocade?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for costumes or theatrical purposes, like tulle or brocade.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for embroidery or needlework, like Aida cloth or evenweave?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for embroidery or needlework, like Aida cloth or evenweave.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is water-resistant or waterproof, like oilcloth or Gore-Tex?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric that is water-resistant or waterproof, like oilcloth or Gore-Tex.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for formal wear or evening gowns, like silk or taffeta?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for formal wear or evening gowns, like silk or taffeta.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for making bags or accessories, like canvas or leather?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for making bags or accessories, like canvas or leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for cleaning or household purposes, like microfiber or terry cloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for cleaning or household purposes, like microfiber or terry cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for insulation or padding, like batting or foam?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for insulation or padding, like batting or foam.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for outdoor gear or activities, like ripstop nylon or polyester?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for outdoor gear or activities, like ripstop nylon or polyester.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for traditional or cultural garments, like kente or batik?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for traditional or cultural garments, like kente or batik.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for casual or everyday clothing, like cotton jersey or chambray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for casual or everyday clothing, like cotton jersey or chambray.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for specific crafting techniques, like burlap for stenciling or cross-stitch fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for specific crafting techniques, like burlap for stenciling or cross-stitch fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for making soft toys or stuffed animals, like plush or minky fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for making soft toys or stuffed animals, like plush or minky fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for making curtains or draperies, like brocade or damask?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for making curtains or draperies, like brocade or damask.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for making blankets or throws, like fleece or flannel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for making blankets or throws, like fleece or flannel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for making hats or headwear, like felt or straw?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for making hats or headwear, like felt or straw.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for lining garments or accessories, like acetate or silk lining?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for lining garments or accessories, like acetate or silk lining.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for making rugs or carpets, like jute or sisal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for making rugs or carpets, like jute or sisal.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is commonly used for making sails or outdoor covers, like canvas or sailcloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric commonly used for making sails or outdoor covers, like canvas or sailcloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used for making costumes or cosplay outfits, like spandex or lycra?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric often used for making costumes or cosplay outfits, like spandex or lycra.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for making bags or pouches, like canvas or burlap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for making bags or pouches, like canvas or burlap.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for making decorative items, like felt or burlap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric used for making decorative items, like felt or burlap.
filter,23.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can often be found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or kitchen items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing food or kitchen items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning purposes in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dining or serving food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for dining or serving food.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance or electronic device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an appliance or electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decoration or aesthetic purposes in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to seating or furniture in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to seating or furniture in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or protection in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to safety or protection in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste disposal or trash management in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to waste disposal or trash management in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or timing in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring or timing in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for entertainment or leisure in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control or maintenance in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to temperature control or maintenance in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or organization in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to communication or organization in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of utility or function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a utility or function in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water usage or plumbing in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to water usage or plumbing in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet or tap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a faucet or tap.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sink.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish rack or drying rack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dish rack or drying rack.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter or filtration system?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,50.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used in a particular room or area of the house, as it can be found in various rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in food preparation or dining?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in food preparation or dining.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational or office-related purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for educational or office-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative or used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is decorative or used for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material, such as glass, wood, or metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of a specific material, which is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often hung or draped, like curtains or a tapestry?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often draped.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric decoration, such as a tablecloth or a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tablecloth or a throw blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric decoration that is used to cover furniture, like a slipcover or a decorative pillowcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cover furniture like a slipcover or a decorative pillowcase.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of window treatment, such as curtains or drapes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of window treatment like curtains or drapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall decoration, such as a fabric wall hanging or tapestry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of wall decoration like a fabric wall hanging or tapestry.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves being placed on the floor, like a rug or carpet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a way that involves being placed on the floor like a rug or carpet.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a covering or decoration for something specific, like a bedspread or duvet cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used as a covering or decoration for something specific like a bedspread or duvet cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric decoration worn on the body, like a scarf or shawl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of fabric decoration worn on the body like a scarf or shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object used in ceremonies or special occasions, like a table runner or a decorative banner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in ceremonies or special occasions like a table runner or a decorative banner.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the appearance of a room, such as a fabric lampshade or a decorative cushion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to enhance the appearance of a room like a fabric lampshade or a decorative cushion.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item that is used to cover or enhance the appearance of a non-furniture item, like a decorative fabric cover for a household appliance or item?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative item used to cover or enhance the appearance of a non-furniture item like a decorative fabric cover for a household appliance or item.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any way related to windows, like a valance or a sheer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any way related to windows like a valance or a sheer.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a seasonal or holiday context, like a decorative fabric garland or bunting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a seasonal or holiday context like a decorative fabric garland or bunting.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a decorative piece on furniture, such as a table or shelf, like a doily or a table runner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used as a decorative piece on furniture like a doily or a table runner.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a decorative element in a way that involves being hung or suspended, like a fabric mobile or hanging ornament?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used as a decorative element in a way that involves being hung or suspended like a fabric mobile or hanging ornament.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used for personal accessories, like a handkerchief or pocket square?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used for personal accessories like a handkerchief or pocket square.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any way related to lighting, like a decorative fabric lampshade?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any way related to lighting like a decorative fabric lampshade.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any way related to bedding, like a decorative bed scarf or bolster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any way related to bedding like a decorative bed scarf or bolster.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric item used for artistic or craft purposes, like a quilt or embroidery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric item used for artistic or craft purposes like a quilt or embroidery.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used for upholstery or covering specific parts of furniture, like a chair cover or armrest cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used for upholstery or covering specific parts of furniture like a chair cover or armrest cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to privacy or partitioning, like a room divider or screen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to privacy or partitioning like a room divider or screen.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used for religious or cultural purposes, like an altar cloth or ceremonial cloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used for religious or cultural purposes like an altar cloth or ceremonial cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in fashion or clothing design, like a fabric swatch or sample?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in fashion or clothing design like a fabric swatch or sample.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to seating, like a decorative cushion or seat cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to seating like a decorative cushion or seat cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to the bathroom, like a shower curtain or bath mat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to the bathroom like a shower curtain or bath mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to protection or covering, like a dust cover or protective cloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to protection or covering like a dust cover or protective cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to the kitchen, like an apron or decorative towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to the kitchen like an apron or decorative towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used for artistic display, like a fabric art piece or decorative panel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used for artistic display like a fabric art piece or decorative panel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to ceremonies or celebrations, like a decorative banner or pennant?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to ceremonies or celebrations like a decorative banner or pennant.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to sound absorption or acoustics, like a fabric wall panel or soundproofing curtain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to sound absorption or acoustics like a fabric wall panel or soundproofing curtain.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to furniture enhancement, like a decorative table skirt or furniture throw?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to furniture enhancement like a decorative table skirt or furniture throw.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to outdoor settings, like a patio umbrella or outdoor cushion cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to outdoor settings like a patio umbrella or outdoor cushion cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to the floor, like a floor runner or carpet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to the floor like a floor runner or carpet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to wall decoration, like a wall tapestry or fabric wall art?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to wall decoration like a wall tapestry or fabric wall art.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to covering or decorating an object, like a decorative slipcover or fabric wrap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to covering or decorating an object like a decorative slipcover or fabric wrap.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to a specific cultural or traditional practice, like a kimono or sari?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to a specific cultural or traditional practice like a kimono or sari.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to home textiles, like a fabric napkin or placemat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to home textiles like a fabric napkin or placemat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to a specific activity or hobby, like a yoga mat cover or craft fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative fabric used in any way related to a specific activity or hobby like a yoga mat cover or craft fabric.
flask,19.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use, professional use, or both?	Oracle said: The object can be used for both personal and professional use.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific room or area of a building?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in kitchens, laboratories, or places where beverages are consumed or stored.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or serving beverages?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and sometimes serving beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of glass or plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly made of glass or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container, such as a bottle or a jug?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pitcher.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store a specific type of beverage, like water or juice?	Oracle said: The object is not typically used to store a specific type of beverage, but it can be used for various liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a carafe.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for serving beverages in individual portions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for serving beverages in individual portions.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass or cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass or cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in formal or informal settings?	Oracle said: The object can be used in both formal and informal settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a decanter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decanter.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mug.	Guesser said: Is the object a tumbler?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tumbler.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,50.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not limited to a specific room, but it is often found in areas where personal belongings are kept or organized.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing or organizing items.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood or metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of wood or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic or fabric?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be easily moved or carried around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be easily moved or carried around.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or pouch?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of bag or pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry organizer or pouch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a jewelry organizer or pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing makeup or toiletries?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for storing makeup or toiletries.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing electronic accessories or gadgets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing electronic accessories or gadgets.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing writing instruments or art supplies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing writing instruments or art supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing money or cards?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing money or cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet or a coin purse?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wallet or a coin purse.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clutch or cardholder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clutch or cardholder.	Guesser said: Is the object a money belt or fanny pack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a money belt or fanny pack.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring pouch or a small fabric bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drawstring pouch or a small fabric bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a lanyard with a cardholder or ID badge holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lanyard with a cardholder or ID badge holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin holder or money clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin holder or money clip.	Guesser said: Is the object a checkbook cover or a fabric envelope for money and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a checkbook cover or a fabric envelope for money and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric sleeve or case designed for storing cash and cards, like a minimalist travel wallet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric sleeve or case designed for storing cash and cards, like a minimalist travel wallet.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money pouch often used for travel or securing valuables discreetly?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money pouch often used for travel or securing valuables discreetly.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric key holder or keychain wallet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric key holder or keychain wallet.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric wristlet or small crossbody bag used for carrying money and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric wristlet or small crossbody bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin purse or change purse specifically designed for holding coins and small amounts of cash?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin purse or change purse specifically designed for holding coins and small amounts of cash.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric card sleeve or holder, specifically designed for holding credit cards or similar items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric card sleeve or holder specifically designed for holding credit cards or similar items.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric organizer or case used for storing multiple types of items, including money and cards, like a travel organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric organizer or case used for storing multiple types of items, like a travel organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin bag or pouch often used for storing loose change and small items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin bag or pouch often used for storing loose change and small items.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money belt designed to be worn under clothing for security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money belt designed to be worn under clothing for security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric lanyard wallet or neck pouch used for carrying money and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric lanyard wallet or neck pouch used for carrying money and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin sorter or organizer, designed to keep coins and possibly small bills in order?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin sorter or organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric envelope or pouch specifically designed for gifting money or cards, like a red envelope used in certain cultures?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric envelope or pouch specifically designed for gifting money or cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money clip or strap used to secure bills together?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money clip or strap used to secure bills together.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric bank bag or deposit bag used for transporting money securely?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric bank bag or deposit bag used for transporting money securely.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric pouch or case used for storing and organizing coupons or receipts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric pouch or case used for storing and organizing coupons or receipts.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric sleeve or pouch used for storing a passport along with money and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric sleeve or pouch used for storing a passport along with money and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money bag or sack used for holding larger amounts of cash, like those used in retail or banking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money bag or sack used for holding larger amounts of cash.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin purse or small wallet that can attach to a keychain or bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin purse or small wallet that can attach to a keychain or bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel pouch or organizer specifically designed for holding foreign currency and travel documents?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel pouch or organizer specifically designed for holding foreign currency and travel documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money apron or waist pouch used by vendors or waitstaff to hold cash and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money apron or waist pouch used by vendors or waitstaff to hold cash and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric storage box or bin used for organizing various items, including money and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric storage box or bin used for organizing various items, including money and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric sleeve or pocket that can be attached to the inside of a bag or clothing for discreetly holding money and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric sleeve or pocket that can be attached to the inside of a bag or clothing for discreetly holding money and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin purse or small pouch specifically designed for children to store their pocket money or small treasures?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin purse or small pouch specifically designed for children to store their pocket money or small treasures.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money organizer or wallet insert designed to fit inside a larger bag or purse for organizing cash and cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money organizer or wallet insert designed to fit inside a larger bag or purse for organizing cash and cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money bag or pouch used in board games or role-playing games to store in-game currency or tokens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money bag or pouch used in board games or role-playing games to store in-game currency or tokens.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric pouch or holder used for storing keys and possibly some small cash or cards, like a key wallet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric pouch or holder used for storing keys and possibly some small cash or cards, like a key wallet.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric coin purse or pouch specifically designed for holding foreign currency or travel-related items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric coin purse or pouch specifically designed for holding foreign currency or travel-related items.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric pouch or bag used for storing and organizing loyalty cards or membership cards?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric pouch or bag used for storing and organizing loyalty cards or membership cards.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money pouch or holder specifically designed for holding cash and cards in a compact form, like a minimalist wallet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money pouch or holder specifically designed for holding cash and cards in a compact form, like a minimalist wallet.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric money pouch or bag used for ceremonial or traditional purposes, such as a lucky money bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric money pouch or bag used for ceremonial or traditional purposes, such as a lucky money bag.
sweatshirt,12.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house; it can be found in various places.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used on a daily basis, especially during certain seasons or weather conditions.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control or comfort?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to comfort and can help with temperature control.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not powered by electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or used on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during colder weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn during colder weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing, like a jacket or sweater?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing similar to a jacket or sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a coat.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,11.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or is it something that moves or can be moved?	Oracle said: The object is something that moves or can be moved.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to transport people, goods, or both?	Oracle said: The object is designed to transport both people and goods.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine or motor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by an engine or motor.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads, water, or in the air?	Oracle said: The object is typically used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal or commercial purposes?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used for both personal and commercial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle that can carry multiple passengers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle that can carry multiple passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bus or van?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of bus or van.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of car or SUV?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,14.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used in a particular room or area of a typical house, but it is often found in music rooms or concert halls.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument typically played with strings?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is typically played with strings.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument played with a bow?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not played with a bow.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument played by plucking the strings?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is played by plucking the strings.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a guitar?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a guitar.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a harp.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument small enough to be easily carried by one person?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not small enough to be easily carried by one person.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a double bass?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a double bass.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a piano.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a harpischord?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,8.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a man-made object?	Oracle said: The object is a natural object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific type of environment, such as a forest, desert, or ocean?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific type of environment, such as wetlands or boggy areas.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or vegetation commonly found in wetlands or boggy areas?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of plant commonly found in wetlands or boggy areas.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having long, slender leaves or stems?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not known for having long, slender leaves or stems.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having large, broad leaves or a distinctive shape?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for having a distinctive shape.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its ability to trap or consume insects?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for its ability to trap or consume insects.	Guesser said: Is the object a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,8.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object can be found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: The object is not typically used for a specific function or purpose; it is more decorative or artistic in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object often made from a particular material or set of materials?	Oracle said: The object can be made from a variety of materials, including stone, metal, wood, or clay.	Guesser said: Is the object usually small enough to be held in one's hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object can vary in size; it can be small enough to hold in one's hand or large enough to be a prominent feature in a space.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with a particular style or period of art?	Oracle said: The object can be associated with various styles or periods of art, as it is a form of artistic expression that has been created throughout history.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in homes, public spaces, or both?	Oracle said: The object can be found in both homes and public spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a centerpiece or focal point in the areas where it is placed?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used as a centerpiece or focal point in the areas where it is placed.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,12.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: The object can be used in various rooms or areas of the house, but it is often found near doors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or safety purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for safety purposes, but its primary function is not security-related.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or managing the entry or exit of people or things?	Oracle said: The object is not used for controlling or managing the entry or exit of people or things, but it is related to doors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for changing or adjusting the environment, such as temperature or light?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for changing or adjusting the environment, such as temperature or light.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people interact with physically, such as by touching or moving it?	Oracle said: Yes, people interact with the object physically, often by placing or moving it.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hanging or displaying items, such as coats or keys?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for hanging or displaying items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent or block something, like a doorstop or draft excluder?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,21.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically confined to a specific room or area of a house, as it can be found in various places.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to food preparation or consumption.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or information purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or personal care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or personal care.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material, such as plastic, metal, or wood?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of materials like leather or fabric, but can also be made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is portable and can be easily moved around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be easily moved around.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to carry personal items or belongings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used to carry personal items or belongings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag, such as a backpack or handbag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of bag like a backpack or handbag.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for travel or commuting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for travel or commuting.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase or a piece of luggage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a suitcase or a piece of luggage.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to store documents or papers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to store documents or papers.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store or organize clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize electronic devices or gadgets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store or organize electronic devices or gadgets.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize tools or equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store or organize tools or equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize items related to personal identification or payment, such as cards or money?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to store or organize items related to personal identification or payment, such as cards or money.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,50.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically associated with a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on a daily basis.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative or does it serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: The object serves a functional purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific activity or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific activity or task.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often related to a hobby or leisure activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a creative or artistic hobby?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a creative or artistic hobby.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a physical or outdoor activity?	Oracle said: The object can be used in outdoor activities, but it is not limited to them.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or fitness activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to a sport or fitness activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a game or recreational activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to nature or gardening?	Oracle said: The object can be used in activities related to nature, but it is not specifically related to gardening.	Guesser said: Is the object used for activities involving animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for activities involving animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or interacting with animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for observing animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of binoculars.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing images or recordings of animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for capturing images or recordings of animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for attracting or feeding animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for attracting or feeding animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for identifying or documenting animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for identifying or documenting animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting or ensuring the safety of animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting or ensuring the safety of animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to or detecting sounds made by animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for listening to or detecting sounds made by animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing shelter or a habitat for animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing shelter or a habitat for animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tracking or monitoring the movement of animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for tracking or monitoring the movement of animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for studying or researching animals or wildlife in some way?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for studying or researching animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object a field guide or reference book related to animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a field guide or reference book related to animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass or similar tool used for close observation of animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass or similar tool used for close observation of animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for collecting samples or specimens related to animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for collecting samples or specimens related to animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recording data or notes about animals or wildlife observations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for recording data or notes about animals or wildlife observations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for analyzing or examining animals or wildlife in a scientific manner?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for analyzing or examining animals or wildlife in a scientific manner.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope used for examining small details of animals or wildlife specimens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microscope used for examining small details of animals or wildlife specimens.	Guesser said: Is the object a dissection kit used for examining the anatomy of animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dissection kit used for examining the anatomy of animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object a DNA analysis kit or tool used for genetic study of animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a DNA analysis kit or tool used for genetic study of animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tweezers or forceps used for handling small animal or wildlife specimens during examination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of tweezers or forceps used for handling small animal or wildlife specimens during examination.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying lens or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying lens or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features.	Guesser said: Is the object a pH test kit or chemical analysis tool used for studying environmental conditions affecting animals or wildlife?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pH test kit or chemical analysis tool used for studying environmental conditions affecting animals or wildlife.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of calipers or measuring tools used for taking precise measurements of animals or wildlife specimens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a set of calipers or measuring tools used for taking precise measurements of animals or wildlife specimens.	Guesser said: Is the object a net or trap used for temporarily capturing animals or wildlife for study?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a net or trap used for temporarily capturing animals or wildlife for study.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale or balance used for weighing animals or wildlife specimens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a scale or balance used for weighing animals or wildlife specimens.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope used for observing animals or wildlife from a distance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a telescope used for observing animals or wildlife from a distance.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope slide or cover slip used for preparing animal or wildlife specimens for examination under a microscope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microscope slide or cover slip used for preparing animal or wildlife specimens for examination under a microscope.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features.	Guesser said: Is the object a stethoscope used for listening to the internal sounds of animals or wildlife during examination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a stethoscope used for listening to the internal sounds of animals or wildlife during examination.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope slide or cover slip used for preparing animal or wildlife specimens for examination under a microscope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microscope slide or cover slip used for preparing animal or wildlife specimens for examination under a microscope.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features.	Guesser said: Is the object a field journal or notebook used for documenting observations during wildlife studies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a field journal or notebook used for documenting observations during wildlife studies.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of binoculars or monocular used for observing animals or wildlife from a distance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a set of binoculars or monocular used for observing animals or wildlife from a distance.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features.	Guesser said: Is the object a specimen jar or container used for holding animal or wildlife samples during examination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a specimen jar or container used for holding animal or wildlife samples during examination.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tweezers or forceps used for handling small animal or wildlife specimens during examination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of tweezers or forceps used for handling small animal or wildlife specimens during examination.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass or loupe used for detailed examination of animal or wildlife features.
wastebasket,50.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms or areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can commonly be found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or related to sleep?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sleeping or related to sleep.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing or related to dressing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for clothing or related to dressing.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or fitness?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or fitness.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for communication or writing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or writing.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control or comfort, like a blanket or pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to temperature control or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for timekeeping or related to time?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for timekeeping or related to time.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for reading or holding books?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for reading or holding books.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for sitting or resting, like a chair or stool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sitting or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found on or near a bed, like a nightstand or lamp?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found on or near a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any specific activity or task within the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task within the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object related to dressing or preparing clothes, like an ironing board or clothes hanger?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to dressing or preparing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to relaxation or stress relief, like a massage tool or stress ball?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to relaxation or stress relief.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination, like a candle or flashlight?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object related to scent or fragrance, like an air freshener or incense?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to scent or fragrance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of creative or artistic activity, like a drawing pad or easel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of creative or artistic activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing cables or electronics, like a cable organizer or docking station?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for managing or organizing cables or electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercising or physical activity, like a yoga mat or dumbbells?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for exercising or physical activity.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of hobby or pastime that might be done in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of hobby or pastime.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of maintenance or repair task within the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintenance or repair tasks within the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object related to privacy or partitioning, like a room divider or curtain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to privacy or partitioning.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for any kind of personal reflection or introspection, like a mirror?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal reflection or introspection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of emergency or unexpected situation, like a first aid kit or flashlight?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for emergencies or unexpected situations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of physical support or assistance, like a step stool or bed rail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for physical support or assistance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing small items, like a jewelry box or drawer organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing small items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of decorative or aesthetic enhancement, like a vase or picture frame?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decorative or aesthetic enhancement.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of writing or drawing activity, like a pen or notebook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of sound or audio-related purpose, like a speaker or headphones?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sound or audio-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to bedding or linens, like a mattress protector or pillowcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to bedding or linens.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of air circulation or ventilation, like a fan or air purifier?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for air circulation or ventilation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of measurement or calculation, like a scale or measuring tape?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measurement or calculation.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of spiritual or religious practice, like a prayer mat or altar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to spiritual or religious practices.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of textile or fabric-related task, like sewing or knitting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for textile or fabric-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for any kind of communication or signaling, like a bell or intercom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or signaling.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for any kind of heating or cooling, like a heater or air conditioner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for heating or cooling.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for any kind of illumination or light control, like a lampshade or dimmer switch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for illumination or light control.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of scent or aroma, like a diffuser or scented candle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for scent or aroma.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for a specific task related to furniture, like a bed frame or headboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to furniture tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for organizing or managing clothing, like a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or managing clothing.
car,9.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or does it move?	Oracle said: The object typically moves.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation or for transporting goods?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine or does it rely on human power?	Oracle said: The object is powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel on land, water, or air?	Oracle said: The object is designed to travel on land.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for short-distance travel or long-distance travel?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for both short-distance and long-distance travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,5.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors, especially in laboratories or workshops.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for measuring or analyzing things?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for measuring and analyzing electrical signals.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by engineers or technicians?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used by engineers or technicians, particularly those working in electronics or electrical engineering fields.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display waveforms or signal voltages over time?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to display waveforms or signal voltages over time.	Guesser said: Is the object an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,50.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not usually found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not usually found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal hygiene or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing or cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for washing or cleaning the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bar of soap.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah or a bath sponge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a loofah or a bath sponge.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth or a towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a washcloth or a towel.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of body wash or shower gel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bottle of body wash or shower gel.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning hair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the face?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning the face.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hands?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning hands.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used specifically for cleaning feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaving or hair removal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for shaving or hair removal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exfoliating the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for exfoliating the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat or shower mat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath mat or shower mat.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying or storing items in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drying or storing items in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific part of the body other than hair, face, hands, or feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for a specific part of the body other than hair, face, hands, or feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the bathroom itself, rather than personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintaining the bathroom itself.	Guesser said: Is the object related to bathing or showering, but not directly used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to bathing or showering, but not directly used for cleaning the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain or shower curtain liner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower curtain or shower curtain liner.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower accessory, like a bath pillow or bath tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath or shower accessory like a bath pillow or bath tray.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or holding items in the shower or bath area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or holding items in the shower or bath area.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water temperature or flow, like a showerhead or faucet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to water temperature or flow, like a showerhead or faucet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or comfort in the shower or bath, like a grab bar or non-slip sticker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or comfort in the shower or bath, like a grab bar or non-slip sticker.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath bomb or bath salts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath bomb or bath salts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating a specific atmosphere or experience during bathing, like a waterproof speaker or bath light?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for creating a specific atmosphere or experience during bathing, like a waterproof speaker or bath light.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub stopper or drain plug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathtub stopper or drain plug.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower caddy or shelf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower caddy or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath towel or towel rack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath towel or towel rack.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bathrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath brush or back scrubber?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath brush or back scrubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower cap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower cap.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber duck or bath toy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rubber duck or bath toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat or rug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath mat or rug.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet or bidet attachment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bidet or bidet attachment.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower bench or stool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower bench or stool.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish or soap holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a soap dish or soap holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower squeegee?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower squeegee.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath thermometer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath thermometer.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower timer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower timer.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel warmer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a towel warmer.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower mirror?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower mirror.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain ring or hook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shower curtain ring or hook.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath bomb or bath salts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath bomb or bath salts.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath or shower seat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bath or shower seat.
cufflink,43.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or for work-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office or for work-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or repair purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintenance or repair purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for recreational or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organizational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organizational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home decor or aesthetics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to home decor or aesthetics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cleaning or household chores?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in cleaning or household chores.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a bathroom setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a bedroom setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a living room or common area setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a living room or common area setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage or workshop setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a garage or workshop setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laundry room or for laundry-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a laundry room or for laundry-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a dining room or for dining-related purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a dining room or for dining-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific hobby or craft activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a specific hobby or craft activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room or area of the house that hasn't been mentioned yet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a specific room or area of the house that hasn't been mentioned yet.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an entryway or hallway?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in an entryway or hallway.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a basement or attic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a basement or attic.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home office or study area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a home office or study area.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a utility room or mudroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a utility room or mudroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a closet or wardrobe area?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a closet or wardrobe area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or managing clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for managing clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes hanger?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clothes hanger.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing or holding clothing items in place?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for securing or holding clothing items in place.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt buckle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a belt buckle.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a safety pin.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes pin or clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clothes pin or clip.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook used for hanging clothes or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hook used for hanging clothes or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment rack or part of a garment rack system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a garment rack or part of a garment rack system.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener, like a button or zipper?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a zipper.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a button.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap fastener?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a snap fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye fastener?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hook and eye fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a buckle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a buckle.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp, like those used on jewelry or bags?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clasp used on jewelry or bags.	Guesser said: Is the object a grommet or eyelet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a grommet or eyelet.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.
pamphlet,26.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used on a daily basis.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or occasion?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific activity or occasion.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to a hobby or leisure activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for a specific task related to maintenance or repair.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular event or celebration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with a particular event or celebration.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or related to food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or related to food preparation or consumption.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizational or storage purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizational or storage purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an educational or learning context?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in an educational or learning context.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used by children or students?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used by children or students.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hands-on activity or experiment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for a hands-on activity or experiment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or contains information?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for reading and contains information.	Guesser said: Is the object a book or a type of printed material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of printed material.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a textbook.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine or a periodical?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magazine or a periodical.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary or a reference book?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dictionary or a reference book.	Guesser said: Is the object a children's book or a storybook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a children's book or a storybook.	Guesser said: Is the object an encyclopedia or a similar comprehensive informational book?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an encyclopedia or a similar comprehensive informational book.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbook or an activity book used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a workbook or an activity book.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet or brochure used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,28.0,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: The object is most commonly used in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage, comfort, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for storage, comfort, or decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: The object is not related to personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or communication purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for audio or visual entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for audio or visual entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or providing information?	Oracle said: The object is not used for reading or providing information.	Guesser said: Is the object interactive or used for playing games?	Oracle said: The object is not interactive or used for playing games.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ambiance or mood setting in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object can contribute to mood setting in the bedroom, but that is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for regulating temperature or air quality in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is not used for regulating temperature or air quality in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for timekeeping or as an alarm?	Oracle said: The object is not used for timekeeping or as an alarm.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is not related to lighting or illumination in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound or music in any way?	Oracle said: The object is not related to sound or music in any way.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or stress relief in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for relaxation or stress relief in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of massager or massage device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of massager or massage device.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric massager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld electric massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric massager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld electric massager.	Guesser said: Great! I guessed it correctly. Thank you for your help!	Oracle said: Please make a specific guess about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric back massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric back massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric foot massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric foot massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric neck and shoulder massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric neck and shoulder massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric full-body massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric full-body massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric head or scalp massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric head or scalp massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric facial massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric facial massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric percussion massager?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a handheld electric percussion massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric massage wand?	Oracle said: Correct.