spacesuit,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color can vary, but it is often white.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically varies in size to fit different individuals, but it generally covers the entire body from head to toe.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is generally smooth with some rigid and flexible parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: The object's primary material is not specified.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight or heavy?	Oracle said: The object is typically heavy.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with any specific temperature or thermal properties?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with specific thermal properties.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid or flexible structure?	Oracle said: The object has both rigid and flexible components.	Guesser said: Is the object typically metallic or non-metallic?	Oracle said: The object is typically non-metallic.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to fit a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an astronaut suit?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object can come in a variety of colors, including white, black, and many others.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is typically soft and smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight like?	Oracle said: The object is lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: It can have patterns or designs, but it is not necessary.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat or three-dimensional?	Oracle said: The object is typically three-dimensional.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a piece of fabric or cloth?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a piece of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth typically made from natural or synthetic fibers?	Oracle said: It can be made from both natural and synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth typically used for making garments or other textile products?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically used for making garments.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth known for being breathable or insulating?	Oracle said: The fabric is known for being breathable.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth cotton?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth typically smooth or does it have a noticeable weave or texture?	Oracle said: The fabric is typically smooth.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of cotton jersey fabric?	Oracle said: It can be.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth known for its stretchiness or elasticity?	Oracle said: Yes, it is known for its stretchiness or elasticity.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of cotton spandex blend?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be made from a cotton spandex blend.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of cotton jersey with spandex for stretch?	Oracle said: It can be.	Guesser said: Does the fabric or cloth have a matte or shiny finish?	Oracle said: It typically has a matte finish.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch, commonly used for t-shirts and other casual wear?	Oracle said: The object can be made from a cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth known for its softness and comfort against the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch, known for its softness and comfort, commonly used for t-shirts and other casual wear?	Oracle said: You did not ask a question about the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth typically lightweight and breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability, commonly used for t-shirts and other casual wear?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be made from a cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch.	Guesser said: Does the fabric or cloth have a specific thickness or is it generally thin?	Oracle said: It is generally thin.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of thin cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be made from a thin cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a type of thin cotton jersey knit fabric with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability, typically used in garments like t-shirts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the fabric or cloth have any water-resistant or moisture-wicking properties?	Oracle said: It can have moisture-wicking properties, but it is not inherently water-resistant.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth commonly associated with activewear or athletic clothing due to its moisture-wicking properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the fabric or cloth have any notable sheen or gloss to its appearance?	Oracle said: It can vary, but generally, it does not have a notable sheen or gloss.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth typically used for home textiles, such as bedding or curtains, due to its softness and comfort?	Oracle said: No, the fabric or cloth is not typically used for home textiles like bedding or curtains.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth known for its durability and resistance to wear and tear?	Oracle said: No, it is not particularly known for its durability and resistance to wear and tear.	Guesser said: Is the fabric or cloth typically used for delicate or lightweight garments, such as lingerie or undergarments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the fabric or cloth a type of thin cotton jersey knit with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability, typically used in delicate or lightweight garments like lingerie or undergarments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a type of thin cotton jersey knit fabric with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability, typically used in delicate or lightweight garments like lingerie or undergarments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the confirmation, I believe the object is a type of thin cotton jersey knit fabric with spandex for stretch, known for its softness, comfort, lightweight, and breathability, typically used in delicate or lightweight garments like lingerie or undergarments.	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally small to medium-sized.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is metallic, often silver or brass.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rectangular or elongated shape with one or more pivot points.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight or heaviness?	Oracle said: The object's weight can vary, but it is generally light to moderately heavy depending on its size and material.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical texture or surface feel?	Oracle said: The object's typical texture or surface feel is smooth and metallic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp or pointed parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have sharp or pointed parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically solid or does it have any moving parts?	Oracle said: The object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: The object is typically rigid.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct markings or engravings on its surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any distinct markings or engravings on its surface.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any handles or grips.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or hollow sections?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any openings or hollow sections.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or parts that are designed to interlock or connect with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically hard or soft?	Oracle said: The object is typically hard.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is metallic, often silver or black.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or length of the object?	Oracle said: The size or length of the object can vary, but it is often around 4 to 7 feet long.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any sharp edges or points.	Guesser said: Is the object typically cylindrical or does it have a different shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically heavy or lightweight?	Oracle said: The object is typically heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a metal pipe.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional features or attachments, such as handles or connectors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has handles.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a barbell.	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a common household item, like a toaster or a basketball?	Oracle said: The object can vary in size and is not directly comparable to a common household item like a toaster or a basketball.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or range of colors of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is dark gray to black.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is rough.	Guesser said: What is the hardness of the object on the Mohs scale?	Oracle said: The object is not typically measured on the Mohs scale, but it is relatively soft compared to minerals.	Guesser said: Is the object typically dense or lightweight?	Oracle said: The object is typically dense.	Guesser said: Is the object metallic or non-metallic?	Oracle said: Non-metallic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or is it amorphous?	Oracle said: The object is amorphous.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of absorbing water or is it water-resistant?	Oracle said: The object is water-resistant.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct smell or is it odorless?	Oracle said: The object has a distinct smell.	Guesser said: Is the object brittle or flexible?	Oracle said: The object is brittle.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object charcoal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable thermal properties, such as being a good insulator or conductor of heat?	Oracle said: The object is known for absorbing and retaining heat.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object volcanic rock, such as basalt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a granular or powder form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a solid, block-like form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object obsidian?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective or shiny qualities?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have reflective or shiny qualities.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific temperature range, such as being very hot or very cold to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically associated with being very hot to the touch, especially when exposed to sunlight.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object asphalt?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally human-sized.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft and smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight like? Is it light or heavy?	Oracle said: It is light.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct shapes or forms?	Oracle said: The object typically has a loose, flowing form.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made from natural or synthetic materials?	Oracle said: The object can be made from both natural and synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: It can, but it doesn't have to.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable thickness or thinness?	Oracle said: The object is relatively thin.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is a blanket.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any particular scent or odor?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any particular scent or odor.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn or used on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is clothing, specifically a garment like a dress or robe.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a specific part of the body, such as the head, torso, or legs?	Oracle said: The object is designed to cover the torso and can extend to cover other parts of the body as well.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners, such as buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any fasteners like buttons or zippers.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is a poncho.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or holes, such as for the head or arms?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has an opening.	Guesser said: Is the object typically symmetrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is a cape.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements, such as fringes or tassels?	Oracle said: It can have decorative elements like fringes or tassels, but it is not necessary.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is a shawl.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a hood or any part that covers the head?	Oracle said: It can have a hood, but not always.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is a cloak.	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally small and can typically fit in a person's hand.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be of various colors.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary, but it is generally very light, often just a few grams.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object typically transparent or opaque?	Oracle said: The object is typically opaque.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific material, such as plastic, metal, or paper?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticky note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or designs on it?	Oracle said: Yes, it can have markings or designs on it.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple layers or is it a single layer?	Oracle said: It typically has multiple layers or folds.	Guesser said: Is the object an origami figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any adhesive properties?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any adhesive properties.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any perforations or pre-cut lines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folded paper crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective or glossy surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have reflective or glossy surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any embossed or raised elements?	Oracle said: It can, but not always.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any cutouts or intricate designs?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any cutouts or intricate designs.	Guesser said: Is the object a folded paper fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folded brochure or pamphlet?	Correct
armoire,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is generally large and tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color or colors?	Oracle said: The object's primary color is typically brown.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and polished.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight or heaviness?	Oracle said: The object is typically heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood, metal, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable shapes or structural features?	Oracle said: Yes, it typically has a rectangular shape with doors and may include shelves or drawers inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe or a large wooden cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of large wooden cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically an armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object can vary in size, typically designed to fit the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material or materials?	Oracle said: The object's primary material can vary, but it is often made of fabric such as cotton, leather, or polyester.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color or range of colors?	Oracle said: The object can come in a wide range of colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is typically smooth and soft.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on a specific part of the body? If so, which part?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically worn on the upper part of the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or components, such as buttons, zippers, or pockets?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have features such as buttons, zippers, or pockets.	Guesser said: Is the object typically long-sleeved, short-sleeved, or sleeveless?	Oracle said: The object is typically long-sleeved.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt or a jacket?	Correct
gauze,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically lightweight and can vary in size, often found in small to medium dimensions.	Guesser said: What is the object's color or range of colors?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically white.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture or surface feel?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft and slightly rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: The object is typically in the form of a roll or a flat piece.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object absorbent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object toilet paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness or thinness?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any noticeable patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have noticeable patterns or designs on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single layer or multiple layers?	Oracle said: The object can be made of multiple layers.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a natural or synthetic material?	Oracle said: The object can be made from both natural and synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific scent or odor?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any specific scent or odor.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage or medical gauze?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally small to medium-sized.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object can vary.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Based on the attributes provided, is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically thicker than a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the attributes provided, is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I apologize for the misunderstanding. Let's start fresh. What is the general size of the new object you have in mind?	Oracle said: The object is generally small to medium-sized.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color can vary, but it is often white or another light color.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically thicker than a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the attributes provided, is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I apologize for the oversight. Let's begin with a new object. What is the general size of the new object you have in mind?	Oracle said: The object is generally small to medium-sized.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color can vary, but it is often white or another light color.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically thicker than a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the attributes provided, is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of towel.	Guesser said: I apologize for the oversight. Let's begin with a new object. What is the general size of the new object you have in mind?	Oracle said: The object is generally small to medium-sized.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color can vary, but it is often white or a light color.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically thicker than a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the attributes provided, is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I apologize for the oversight. Let's begin with a new object. What is the general size of the new object you have in mind?	Oracle said: The object is generally small to medium-sized.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color can vary, but it is often white or a light color.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically thicker than a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.
jumpsuit,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally designed to fit a human body.	Guesser said: What is the typical material or materials this object is made from?	Oracle said: This object is typically made from materials such as cotton, polyester, or a blend of both.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or range of colors for this object?	Oracle said: This object can come in a variety of colors, including but not limited to black, blue, red, green, and white.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture of this object?	Oracle said: The typical texture of this object is smooth.	Guesser said: Is this object typically flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: This object is typically flexible.	Guesser said: Is this object typically worn on a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of this object?	Oracle said: The length of this object can vary, but it typically covers the body from shoulders to ankles.	Guesser said: Is this object typically lightweight or heavy?	Oracle said: This object is typically lightweight.	Guesser said: Does this object typically have any fasteners, such as buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: Yes, this object typically has fasteners such as zippers.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, I guess the object is a jumpsuit.	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a common household item, like a loaf of bread?	Oracle said: The object is generally larger than a loaf of bread.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color or range of colors?	Oracle said: The object is typically gray or stone-colored.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is typically rough and stone-like.	Guesser said: What is the object's hardness like? Would it be considered hard or soft?	Oracle said: It would be considered hard.	Guesser said: Is the object typically heavy or light for its size?	Oracle said: The object is typically heavy for its size.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a rock or a stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like? Is it more angular or rounded?	Oracle said: The object's shape is more angular.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or corners?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have sharp edges or corners.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single material or a composite of materials?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a single material.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a concrete block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical length or size range?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary, but it is typically around 1 to 3 feet in height.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a boulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable patterns or markings on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object often has intricate patterns or markings on its surface.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a piece of granite or a granite slab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective or shiny surfaces?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have reflective or shiny surfaces.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a piece of marble or a marble slab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any particular smell or odor?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any particular smell or odor.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of statue or sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific type of stone or material commonly used for statues or sculptures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a granite statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be made of granite.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a granite gargoyle statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color can vary.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size or dimensions of the object can vary, but it is often around 7 to 9 inches in width, 10 to 12 inches in height, and 1 to 3 inches in thickness.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight range?	Oracle said: The object's weight range is typically between 1 to 5 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: The object is rigid.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object composed of multiple layers or is it a single layer?	Oracle said: The object is composed of multiple layers.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Great! I guessed correctly that the object is a book. Thank you for your guidance.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any printed text or images on it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has printed text on it.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stack of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover that is thicker or more rigid than the rest of the layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally large.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is white.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically smooth and slightly rough.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary significantly depending on its size and the material it's made from.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is triangular.	Guesser said: What is the typical hardness of the object?	Oracle said: The object is not typically characterized by hardness.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of floating on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is typically solid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct markings or patterns on its surface?	Oracle said: It can have distinct markings or patterns, such as logos or sail numbers, but it is not inherent to the object itself.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the new object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size can vary, but it is generally large.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the new object?	Oracle said: The typical color of a new mainsail is white.	Guesser said: Is the new object you are thinking of another type of sail, specifically a mainsail?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally long and slender.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is metallic, often silver or gray.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material or composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is rigid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a sharp point.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for cutting or piercing?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly used for piercing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate length of the object is typically between 5 to 10 feet.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional features, such as a handle or grip?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a handle or grip.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements or embellishments?	Oracle said: Typically, the object does not have decorative elements or embellishments.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically symmetrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary, but it is typically between 10 to 20 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pole or rod with a pointed end, like a pike?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is similar to a metal pole or rod with a pointed end.	Guesser said: Is the object a lance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sections or segments along its length?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has sections or segments along its length.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal flagpole with a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any mechanisms or moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any mechanisms or moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal stake or tent pole with a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tapered shape towards the pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal spike or stake used for construction or securing structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal antenna with a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth or textured surface?	Oracle said: The object typically has a textured surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal drill bit with a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal lightning rod with a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal rod or bar used for grounding or earthing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal harpoon with a pointed end?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: What is the typical material or materials this object is made from?	Oracle said: This object is typically made from materials such as wool, cotton, or synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture of this object?	Oracle said: The typical texture of this object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or range of colors of this object?	Oracle said: This object can come in a wide range of colors, including but not limited to black, white, gray, blue, red, green, and many others.	Guesser said: Is this object typically stretchy or elastic?	Oracle said: Yes, this object is typically stretchy or elastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight range of this object?	Oracle said: The typical weight range of this object is between 0.5 to 1.5 pounds.	Guesser said: Does this object have any distinct patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: It can have distinct patterns or designs on its surface.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a sweater.	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally small and can fit in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, often metallic like silver or gold, and may include colorful gemstones.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and hard.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a semi-circular or arc shape.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often adorned with gemstones?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara or crown?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically hard or soft?	Oracle said: The object is typically hard.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is silver or reflective.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or length of the object?	Oracle said: The size or length of the object can vary greatly, from small handheld sizes to large wall-mounted versions.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat or does it have a more three-dimensional shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically flat.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective or shiny surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has reflective surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for viewing reflections?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's size or dimensions can vary, but it is typically tall and slender.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object can be various colors, but it is often metallic or white.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight or heaviness?	Oracle said: The object's weight can vary, but it is generally heavy enough to remain stable and upright outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture or surface feel?	Oracle said: The object's surface is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is typically hollow.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made from?	Oracle said: The object is typically made from metal or wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable features or attachments, such as lines or wires?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have lines or wires attached to it.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that emit light or are reflective?	Oracle said: The object may have parts that are reflective.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight or lamp post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed or tapered end?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a tapered end.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally long and cylindrical with a series of connected segments.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and hard.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary significantly depending on its type and size.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct features or markings on its surface?	Oracle said: The object may have distinct features or markings, such as logos or numbers.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is rigid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically tall, often ranging from about 10 to 40 feet in height.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically gray or metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical with a curved top.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is hollow.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or apertures?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any openings or apertures.	Guesser said: Is the object smooth or textured on its surface?	Oracle said: The object is smooth on its surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The weight of a streetlight can vary depending on its design and materials, but typically it ranges from 50 to 200 pounds or more.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
incubator,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The size or dimensions of the object can vary, but it is typically large enough to accommodate multiple items or individuals, depending on its specific use.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material or materials?	Oracle said: The primary materials can vary, but often include metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color or colors?	Oracle said: The object's typical colors can vary, but they are often white or metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rectangular or box-like shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight or how heavy is it typically?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary, but it is typically designed to be portable and manageable for one or two people to move.	Guesser said: What is the object's surface texture like?	Oracle said: The object's surface texture is generally smooth.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a refrigerator.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object produce or emit any sounds?	Oracle said: No, the object does not produce or emit any sounds.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a storage container or bin.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any handles or grips.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or patterns on its surface?	Oracle said: The object may have specific markings or patterns, such as temperature controls or brand labels, but it is not defined by them.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has openings or compartments.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a cooler.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's level of hardness or rigidity?	Oracle said: The object is generally rigid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or casters for mobility?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have wheels or casters for mobility.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components or features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a microwave oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features related to temperature control?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is an air conditioner.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visible display or control panel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a visible control panel.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is an oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any insulation or features to maintain internal temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a freezer.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any shelves or racks inside?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have shelves or racks inside.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a dishwasher.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door or lid that opens and closes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a washing machine.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features for ventilation or airflow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a computer server.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any lights or indicators?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has lights or indicators.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a wine cooler or wine refrigerator.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features specifically for heating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a toaster oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat cooking surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating component inside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any glass components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is an electric oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any knobs or buttons for operation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has knobs or buttons for operation.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a conventional oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically freestanding or built-in?	Oracle said: The object is typically freestanding.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a portable heater.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical length or height?	Oracle said: The object's typical length or height can vary, but it is often around 1 to 2 feet.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a countertop convection oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features for steaming?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have features for steaming.	Guesser said: Does the object have any interior lighting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a mini fridge.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visible vents or openings for air circulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a bread maker.	Oracle said: Incorrect.
lever,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically long and slender.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be of various colors, often depending on its material and use. Common colors include metallic shades like silver or gray, but it can also be painted in other colors.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight range of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary widely depending on its size and material, so there is no specific typical weight range.	Guesser said: What is the typical hardness or material composition of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of materials like metal or wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp or pointed parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have sharp or pointed parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is typically solid.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: The object is rigid.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a pole or rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific surface texture, such as smooth or rough?	Oracle said: The surface texture of the object can vary; it can be smooth or rough depending on its specific design and material.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts or is it a single piece?	Oracle said: The object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have a handle or grip.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool, such as a wrench or a screwdriver?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of adjustable tool, like a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific head or tip shape, such as flat or Phillips?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a specific head or tip shape like flat or Phillips.	Guesser said: Does the object have any clamping or gripping mechanism?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any clamping or gripping mechanism.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting tool, like scissors or shears?	Oracle said: No, it is not a cutting tool like scissors or shears.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that rotate or spin?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any parts that rotate or spin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of striking tool, like a hammer or mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that extend or retract?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have parts that extend or retract.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tool, like a ruler or tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features that allow it to fasten or secure items, like a clamp or a vice?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have features that allow it to fasten or secure items like a clamp or a vice.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lever or pry tool, like a crowbar or pry bar?	Correct
yacht,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is generally large, often ranging from about 30 feet to over 100 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color or colors?	Oracle said: The object's primary color or colors can vary, but they are often white.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material or materials?	Oracle said: The primary materials are typically fiberglass, aluminum, or wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: The object typically has a sleek, elongated shape with a pointed front and a wider back.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight range?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight range can vary greatly, often from a few tons to several hundred tons.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is typically hollow.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a yacht or a large boat.	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally large.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object is typically black or dark gray.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is typically smooth and metallic.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of a cannon can vary significantly depending on its size and type, but historical cannons can weigh anywhere from a few hundred pounds to several tons.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is hollow.	Guesser said: Is the object typically cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object can vary in size, but it is typically small enough to fit on a table or shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color or colors?	Oracle said: The object can be found in various colors, including black, silver, and white.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight or range of weight?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary, but it is typically between 1 to 10 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture or surface feel?	Oracle said: The object's surface is typically smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rectangular or box-like shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of any specific materials?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically made of specific materials.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic, metal, and electronic components.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts or components?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving components.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a printer.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object emit any light or sound?	Oracle said: The object emits sound.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a speaker.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any display screens or indicators?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has indicators.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a microwave oven.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ports or connectors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a computer or laptop.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any handles or grips.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or slots?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a gaming console.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any antennas or external components that extend from its main body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have antennas or external components that extend from its main body.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a wireless router.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or rotating parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any wheels or rotating parts.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal or plastic?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any retractable or extendable parts?	Oracle said: Yes, it can have retractable or extendable parts.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a radio.	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is generally small and handheld.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color can vary, but it is often multicolored or has a wooden appearance.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is mostly smooth, with some parts that may have a slightly textured grip.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: The object's primary material is plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate weight?	Oracle said: The object's approximate weight is around 0.5 to 1 pound.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any sharp edges or points.	Guesser said: Is the object generally symmetrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is generally symmetrical in shape.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a Rubik's Cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any buttons or switches.	Guesser said: Does the object have any strings or cords attached to it?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any strings or cords attached to it.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is hollow.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a kaleidoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: It can have decorative patterns or designs, but it is not necessary.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound when used or moved?	Oracle said: Yes, the object produces sound when used.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a maraca?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed or variable length?	Oracle said: The object has a fixed length.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by striking or hitting it against something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any internal components that move or interact with each other?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a rainstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically operated by rotating or shaking it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth, continuous surface or does it have any protrusions or indentations?	Oracle said: The object has both smooth surfaces and protrusions.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or circular components?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any wheels or circular components.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by blowing air into it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a grip.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by pressing or squeezing it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic horn or squeaky toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that can be compressed or expanded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic accordion or squeeze box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any internal mechanisms that create sound when it is compressed or expanded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic squeaky hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bellows-like structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ridges or grooves on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object may have ridges or grooves on its surface.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic kazoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sections that can be twisted or turned?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have sections that can be twisted or turned.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visible seams or joints?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has visible seams or joints.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic party horn or noisemaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any detachable parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has detachable parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any internal springs or mechanisms that create tension?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic hand grip exerciser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any gears or cogs?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any gears or cogs.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by squeezing and releasing it to produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any levers or triggers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a trigger.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic toy gun?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of plastic toy gun.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a plastic water gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any components that create a popping or clicking sound when the trigger is pulled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a plastic cap gun?	Oracle said: No.
streetcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically solid, liquid, or gas at room temperature?	Oracle said: The object is typically solid at room temperature.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or range of colors of the object?	Oracle said: The object can vary in color, but it is often found in colors like red, yellow, green, or blue.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or range of sizes for this object?	Oracle said: The typical size of this object can vary, but it is generally around 20 to 30 meters in length.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture or surface feel of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and hard surface.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight or range of weights for this object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of this object is between 20,000 to 40,000 kilograms.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a type of large vehicle, such as a train or a large boat?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of large vehicle.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have any distinct features like wings, wheels, or a propeller?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of train?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of train.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a passenger train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a freight train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct features like a streamlined shape or special design elements?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a streamlined shape and special design elements.	Guesser said: Is the object a high-speed train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable features like a crane or lifting mechanism?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any notable features like a crane or lifting mechanism.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct visual features like a large front or rear section that might suggest a unique function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a distinct visual feature with a large front section.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of locomotive, such as a steam or diesel engine?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of locomotive like a steam or diesel engine.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features related to aerodynamic design, such as a pointed nose or sleek body?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have specific features related to aerodynamic design like a pointed nose or sleek body.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like windows or doors that are prominent in its design?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has features like windows and doors that are prominent in its design.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features that suggest it is used for transporting liquids or gases, such as a cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have features that suggest it is used for transporting liquids or gases, such as a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a large storage area or compartments that are part of its design?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has compartments that are part of its design.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeper train, designed for overnight travel with sleeping compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any unique structural features, such as a double-decker design or elevated sections?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have unique structural features like a double-decker design or elevated sections.	Guesser said: Is the object a monorail train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific design features like a caboose or observation deck?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a caboose or observation deck.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a flat or open design that might suggest a unique function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a design that suggests a unique function.	Guesser said: Is the object a car transporter train, designed to carry vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a flatbed or open-top design that might suggest it is used for transporting large items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a covered design or enclosed compartments that might suggest it is used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a covered design and enclosed compartments that suggest it is used for a specific function.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated train car, designed to transport perishable goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a tank or silo shape that might suggest it is used for storing or transporting bulk materials?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have features like a tank or silo shape for storing or transporting bulk materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a unique shape or structure that might suggest it is used for a specialized purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a unique shape or structure that suggests it is used for a specialized purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a circus train, designed to transport circus equipment and animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a unique exterior design or distinctive markings that might suggest it is used for a specialized purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has a unique exterior design and distinctive markings that suggest it is used for a specialized purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a military train, designed for transporting military equipment or personnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like bright colors or eye-catching designs that might suggest it is used for a purpose that involves visibility or attraction?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have bright colors or eye-catching designs.	Guesser said: Is the object a theme park train, designed for entertainment and attraction purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, flat, and enclosed design that might suggest it is used for transporting something specific?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a livestock train, designed to transport animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a large, enclosed, and flat design that might suggest it is used for transporting vehicles or machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and specialized design that might suggest it is used for transporting something specific?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car carrier train, designed to transport automobiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and insulated design that might suggest it is used for transporting temperature-sensitive items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and uniquely structured design that might suggest it is used for transporting something specific and non-standard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a circus train, designed to transport circus equipment and animals?	Oracle said: No, it is not a circus train.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and uniquely structured design that might suggest it is used for transporting something specific and non-standard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nuclear waste transport train, designed to carry radioactive materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and specialized design that might suggest it is used for transporting something very large or oversized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine blade transport train, designed to carry large wind turbine blades?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and uniquely structured design that might suggest it is used for transporting something specific and non-standard, such as a space shuttle or rocket components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features like a large, enclosed, and uniquely structured design that might suggest it is used for transporting something specific and non-standard, such as large aircraft parts?	Oracle said: No.
laser,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object can vary in size, but it is often handheld or can be larger depending on its application.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or range of colors of the object?	Oracle said: The object can emit light in various colors, often red, green, or blue.	Guesser said: Is the object typically solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is typically neither solid, liquid, nor gas.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have a specific shape or form.	Guesser said: Does the object produce or involve light as a primary characteristic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically visible to the human eye without any aid?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically visible to the human eye without any aid.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific spectrum of light, such as infrared or ultraviolet?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is associated with a specific spectrum of light.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a particular temperature or heat emission?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with heat emission.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with wavelengths longer than visible light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with the ultraviolet spectrum of light?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be associated with the ultraviolet spectrum of light.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture or surface quality, such as smoothness or roughness?	Oracle said: The object generally has a smooth surface quality.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific weight or is it generally lightweight?	Oracle said: It is generally lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific shape, such as a tube or bulb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fluorescent light bulb or tube that emits ultraviolet light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific length or range of lengths?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have a specific length or range of lengths.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser pointer that can emit ultraviolet light?	Correct
taillight,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary, but it is generally small enough to fit on the rear of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular or oval.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical material?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent or opaque?	Oracle said: The object is opaque.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically smooth or textured?	Oracle said: The object is typically smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight is around 1 to 3 pounds.	Guesser said: Does the object emit or reflect light?	Oracle said: The object emits light.	Guesser said: Is the object a car tail light?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowmobile,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 9 to 11 feet long, 3 to 4 feet wide, and about 4 feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color can vary, but it is often red, black, or white.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight or typical weight range?	Oracle said: The typical weight range of the object is between 400 to 600 pounds (approximately 180 to 270 kilograms).	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture or surface finish of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and glossy surface finish.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct shapes or features, such as curves or angles?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has distinct shapes and features, including curves and angles.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a car.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: The object may have specific patterns or designs, but it is not defined by them.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape or form?	Oracle said: The object has an elongated shape with a flat base and raised sections for seating and controls.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a boat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels or any similar components?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have wheels or similar components.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has handles or grips.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments or storage areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp or pointed parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has some sharp or pointed parts.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, I guess the object is a snowmobile.	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: The typical size of this object is approximately 5 to 7 inches in height and 2 to 3 inches in width.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of this object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of this object is between 100 to 200 grams.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or colors of this object?	Oracle said: This object can typically be black, white, silver, or various other colors.	Guesser said: What is the typical material or materials this object is made from?	Oracle said: This object is typically made from materials such as glass, metal, and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of this object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of this object is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object typically smooth or textured?	Oracle said: Typically smooth.	Guesser said: Is this object typically rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: The object is typically rigid.	Guesser said: Does this object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes, this object can have transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Does this object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the new object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical size or dimensions can vary, but it is generally small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of this object is around 150 to 200 grams.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or colors of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical colors of this object can vary, but common colors include black, white, and silver.	Guesser said: What is the typical material or materials this new object is made from?	Oracle said: The object is typically made from materials such as glass, metal, and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this new object typically smooth or textured?	Oracle said: Typically smooth.	Guesser said: Is this new object typically rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Rigid.	Guesser said: Does this new object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does this new object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this new object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: Yes, it has a screen or display.	Guesser said: Is this new object a digital camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this new object a handheld gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this new object a portable media player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have any ports or connectors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this new object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have a keyboard or keypad?	Oracle said: Yes, it can have a keypad.	Guesser said: Is this new object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this new object a GPS device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have a touch screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this new object an e-reader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have any antennas or external features for connectivity?	Oracle said: No, it does not have any antennas or external features for connectivity.	Guesser said: Is this new object a digital voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have a built-in speaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this new object a smartwatch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this new object have a camera?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this new object a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of smartphone.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the new object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object can vary, but it often fits comfortably in the palm of a hand, usually around 5 to 7 inches in height.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of this object is around 150 to 200 grams.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or colors of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical colors of this object can vary widely, including black, white, silver, gold, and various other colors.	Guesser said: What is the typical material or materials this new object is made from?	Oracle said: The object is typically made from materials such as glass, metal, and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of this new object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this new object typically smooth or textured?	Oracle said: It is typically smooth.	Guesser said: Is this new object typically rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Typically rigid.	Guesser said: Does this new object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes, it can have transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Does this new object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, it has buttons or controls on its surface.	Guesser said: Is this new object a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of smartphone.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the new object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object can vary, but it is generally small enough to fit in a hand or pocket.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of this object is between 100 to 200 grams.	Guesser said: What is the typical color or colors of this new object?	Oracle said: The typical colors of this object can vary, but common colors include black, white, and silver.
plane,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color can vary, but it is often white.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: The size or dimensions can vary greatly, but they are typically large, often measuring tens of meters in length and wingspan.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight can vary greatly, but it is often measured in tons.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material or materials it is made from?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made from metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: The object typically has a long, narrow body with wings extending from either side.	Guesser said: Is the object typically smooth or does it have a textured surface?	Oracle said: The object is typically smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: Correct.
limousine,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally large.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object can vary, but it is often black or white.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The texture of the object's surface is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically heavy or light?	Oracle said: The object is typically heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and other materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or reflective surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has transparent surfaces.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light or sound?	Oracle said: No, the object does not emit light or sound.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct patterns or markings on its surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have distinct patterns or markings on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of supporting weight or bearing loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels or any other components that facilitate movement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle, such as a car or truck?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically hard or soft?	Oracle said: The object is typically hard.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is white, but it can also be found in other colors like black or silver.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or length of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is around 3 to 6 inches in diameter or width.	Guesser said: Is the object typically smooth or rough to the touch?	Oracle said: The object is typically smooth to the touch.	Guesser said: Does the object have any notable features like holes, patterns, or textures on its surface?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth surface with a display or interface.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lightweight or heavy?	Oracle said: The object is typically lightweight.	Guesser said: Does the object have any movable parts or is it a single solid piece?	Oracle said: The object has movable parts.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a glossy or matte finish?	Oracle said: The object can have either a glossy or matte finish, depending on the model or design.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a circular or rectangular shape?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has buttons or controls on its surface.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display that shows information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ports or connectors on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object may have ports or connectors on its surface.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a glass or plastic surface covering the display?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has a plastic surface covering the display.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a digital thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is generally large enough to accommodate equipment, instruments, or passengers, depending on its purpose.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object can vary in shape, but it often includes cylindrical or conical elements.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object can vary, but it is often white, gray, or metallic.	Guesser said: What is the typical material or materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: The object is typically made from materials such as aluminum, titanium, and composite materials.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight range of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary significantly, ranging from a few hundred kilograms to several thousand tonnes, depending on its type and purpose.	Guesser said: What is the typical surface texture of the object?	Oracle said: The typical surface texture of the object is smooth with some areas that may have a metallic or reflective finish.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is typically hollow.	Guesser said: Is the object typically designed to withstand high pressures or forces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spacecraft or rocket?	Correct
videotape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 7 inches long, 4 inches wide, and 1 inch thick.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically black.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The weight of the object can vary, but it is typically around 0.2 to 0.3 pounds (approximately 90 to 140 grams).	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: The object is rigid.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and another material.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, it has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any buttons or switches.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any sharp edges or points.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow or solid?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically smooth all over, or does it have any distinct features or patterns on its surface?	Oracle said: The object typically has distinct features on its surface.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided, is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any curves or is it mostly angular?	Oracle said: The object is mostly angular.	Guesser said: Does the object have any detachable parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any detachable parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any grooves or indentations on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has indentations on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone holder or stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has reflective surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any screens or display areas?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any screens or display areas.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any specific patterns or designs on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any hinges or joints?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any hinges or joints.	Guesser said: Is the object a black plastic comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any magnetic properties?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has magnetic properties.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic phone mount?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic knife holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic tool holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic blackboard eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic paperclip holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic chess set piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic refrigerator magnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic phone case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic door stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic knife strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic whiteboard eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic name tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic key holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic phone charger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic knife block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific geometric shapes, like circles or rectangles, on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has rectangles on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic chessboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic letter board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic card holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic tool strip?	Oracle said: No.
jukebox,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally the size of a large piece of furniture, similar to a cabinet or a refrigerator.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of the object can vary, but it often includes chrome, black, or wood tones with colorful lights.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular or box-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object is metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The object's surface is generally smooth, with some parts that may have a glossy or shiny finish.	Guesser said: Is the object typically heavy or light?	Oracle said: The object is typically heavy.	Guesser said: Does the object have any movable parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has movable parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with having a reflective surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Based on the information gathered, is the object an arcade machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with having a screen or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any handles or grips.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric organ or synthesizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or casters for movement?	Oracle said: Some models of the object may have wheels or casters for movement, but not all.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinball machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any vents or openings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has openings.	Guesser said: Is the object a vending machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any shelves or compartments inside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The size or dimensions of the object can vary, but it is typically compact enough to be placed on a table or mounted on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color or colors?	Oracle said: The object's primary colors can vary, but it is often found in neutral colors like white, black, or gray.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material or materials?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and other materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight range?	Oracle said: The typical weight range of the object can vary widely, but it is often between 10 to 100 kilograms.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture or surface finish like?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and metallic surface finish.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: The object typically has a rectangular or box-like shape with a cylindrical component.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent or translucent parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have transparent or translucent parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound or vibration as part of its physical characteristics?	Oracle said: No, the object does not produce any sound or vibration as part of its physical characteristics.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on its surface?	Oracle said: The object does not have specific patterns or designs on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has buttons or controls on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any display screens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any input ports or connectors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has input ports or connectors.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any form of illumination or lights?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any form of illumination or lights.	Guesser said: Is the object a server or network switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or casters for mobility?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have wheels or casters for mobility.	Guesser said: Is the object a home entertainment system or stereo receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or grips for carrying?	Oracle said: No, the object does not typically have handles or grips for carrying.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance like a dishwasher or oven?	Oracle said: No, it is not a kitchen appliance like a dishwasher or oven.	Guesser said: Does the object have any hinges or doors?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any hinges or doors.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any detachable or removable parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have detachable or removable parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any cooling vents or fans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any knobs or dials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has knobs or dials.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio or audio amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any antennas or external signal receivers?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have antennas or external signal receivers.	Guesser said: Is the object a laboratory oscilloscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels or gears as part of its moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have wheels or gears as part of its moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any slots or trays for inserting items?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have slots or trays for inserting items.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or labels on its surface?	Oracle said: The object may have markings or labels, such as a manufacturer's name or model number, but these are not inherent to its function.	Guesser said: Does the object have any cables or wires attached to it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has cables or wires attached to it.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or keys that are pressed in sequence?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have buttons or keys that are pressed in sequence.	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any form of protective casing or housing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has a protective casing or housing.	Guesser said: Is the object a video cassette recorder (VCR)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shape or design for its knobs or dials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has specific designs for its dials.	Guesser said: Is the object a combination lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any grooves or indentations on its surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have grooves or indentations on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital multimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any form of a screen or display that shows information?	Oracle said: Yes.