airship,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? Is it something that can be easily held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is much larger than something that can be held in one hand. It is quite large and typically requires a significant amount of space.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object? Is it smooth, rough, or something else?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is generally smooth, as it is made from materials like fabric or metal that are designed to reduce air resistance.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of movement or is it stationary?	Oracle said: The object is capable of movement.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are specifically designed to interact with air or wind?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has parts specifically designed to interact with air or wind.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft, such as an airplane or a glider?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hot air balloon.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have wings.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No, it is not a helicopter.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lighter-than-air design, like a blimp or airship?	Correct
photocopier,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or industrial setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in a professional setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in an office environment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for communication purposes, particularly in sharing or distributing information.	Guesser said: Is the object used for printing or copying documents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for printing or copying documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier or printer?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or function.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular and compact.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has buttons on its surface.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is an electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No, it is not a remote control.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a display screen.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No, it is not a calculator.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No, it is not a smartphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of phone or communication device that is not a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of communication device that is not a smartphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No, it is not a walkie-talkie.	Guesser said: Is the object a cordless phone?	Oracle said: No, it is not a cordless phone.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific task or function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in relation to technology or electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or accessory for a computer or electronic device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of tool or accessory for a computer or electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity or batteries?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by electricity or batteries.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handheld gaming device or controller?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of handheld gaming device or controller.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing or listening to music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for listening to music.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable speaker or a pair of headphones/earbuds?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a portable speaker or a pair of headphones/earbuds.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display screen?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a display screen.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls for adjusting settings or functions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has buttons or controls for adjusting settings or functions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of radio or audio receiver?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullhorn,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or natural?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in households?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in an office or workplace setting?	Oracle said: It is not commonly used in a typical office setting, but it can be used in certain workplace environments, especially during events or emergencies.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or emergency purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for emergency purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of safety equipment or device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of safety equipment or device.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or signaling during emergencies?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for communication or signaling during emergencies.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No, it is not a whistle.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light or sound for signaling?	Oracle said: Yes, the object emits sound for signaling.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: The object is generally smaller than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth, hard texture, often made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical or circular, often with a series of small holes or nozzles on top.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object does have moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in households.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dispensing or spraying substances?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for dispensing or spraying substances.	Guesser said: Is the object a spray bottle or aerosol can?	Oracle said: No, it is not a spray bottle or aerosol can.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or grip for holding?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a handle or grip for holding.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal or plastic?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a pepper grinder or salt mill?	Oracle said: No, it is not a pepper grinder or salt mill.	Guesser said: Does the object have a transparent or translucent part to see the contents inside?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a transparent or translucent part to see the contents inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a showerhead?	Oracle said: No, it is not a showerhead.	Guesser said: Does the object have a detachable or removable part?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have detachable or removable parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose nozzle?	Oracle said: No, it is not a garden hose nozzle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in food preparation or serving?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in food preparation or serving.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in a recreational or leisure activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or work environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office or work environment.	Guesser said: Is the object used in automotive or mechanical applications?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in automotive or mechanical applications.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in gardening or plant care.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No, it is not a watering can.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant mister or spray mister?	Oracle said: No, it is not a plant mister or spray mister.	Guesser said: Is the object a seed spreader or fertilizer spreader?	Oracle said: No, it is not a seed spreader or fertilizer spreader.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose connector or adapter?	Oracle said: No, it is not a hose connector or adapter.	Guesser said: Is the object a drip irrigation emitter or dripper?	Oracle said: No, it is not a drip irrigation emitter or dripper.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler head?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object is smooth and metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a human hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically metallic, often with a copper or brass color.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct shapes or features?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a distinct cylindrical shape with a pointed tip.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hollow or solid inside?	Oracle said: The object is typically solid inside.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier or lighter than a typical coin?	Oracle said: The object is typically lighter than a typical coin.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet or a small piece of ammunition?	Oracle said: Correct.
barometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small to medium-sized, often around 5 to 12 inches in diameter or height, depending on the design.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: The primary color of a barometer can vary, but it is often metallic, such as brass or silver, or it might have a wooden frame if it's an aneroid barometer.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or indicating something?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measuring or indicating something.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure atmospheric pressure?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to measure atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
gearshift,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary, but it is typically small enough to fit comfortably in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth or slightly textured surface, often made of metal or plastic, and may have a rubber or leather grip.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical or spherical with a handle or knob on top.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can produce sound when used, especially when it is being shifted.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld pepper grinder?	Oracle said: No, it is not a handheld pepper grinder.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visible markings or indicators?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has visible markings or indicators.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or indicating something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for measuring or indicating something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific activity or task.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp or pointed parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have sharp or pointed parts.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld can opener?	Oracle said: No, it is not a handheld can opener.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any electrical components.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or for writing-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office or for writing-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in sports or physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any kind of repair or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in repair or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of artistic or creative activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in personal grooming or hygiene tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in personal grooming or hygiene tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any outdoor activities or tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in outdoor activities or tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any household tasks or activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in household tasks or activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any professional or industrial settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in professional or industrial settings, particularly in vehicles or machinery.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear shift knob?	Oracle said: No, it is not a gear shift knob.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve handle or knob?	Oracle said: No, it is not a valve handle or knob.	Guesser said: Is the object a handwheel used for operating machinery?	Oracle said: No, it is not a handwheel used for operating machinery.	Guesser said: Is the object a control lever or joystick used in vehicles or machinery?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of control lever used in vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbrake lever?	Oracle said: No, it is not a handbrake lever.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear selector lever?	Oracle said: Correct.
photograph,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, or wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal, plastic, or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass, ceramic, or fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of glass, ceramic, or fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of paper, rubber, or stone?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for packaging or storage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for packaging or storage.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or display?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for decoration or display.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat or three-dimensional?	Oracle said: The object is typically flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poster or print?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of poster or print.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of origami or paper art?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of origami or paper art.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of card or invitation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of card or invitation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper cut-out or silhouette?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper cut-out or silhouette.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of calendar or planner?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of calendar or planner.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper banner or garland?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper banner or garland.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper lantern or lampshade?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper lantern or lampshade.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper fan or decoration fan?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper fan or decoration fan.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper sculpture or model?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper sculpture or model.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper bookmark or decorative bookmark?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper bookmark or decorative bookmark.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper mat or coaster?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper mat or coaster.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper mask or decorative mask?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper mask or decorative mask.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper doily or decorative doily?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of paper doily or decorative doily.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper kite or decorative kite?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper kite or decorative kite.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper flower or decorative flower?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper flower or decorative flower.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper collage or decorative collage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of paper collage or decorative collage.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper origami or decorative origami?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper origami or decorative origami.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors or patterns?	Oracle said: The object can have a variety of colors and patterns, depending on its content.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of greeting card or postcard?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of greeting card or postcard.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper map or decorative map?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper map or decorative map.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper certificate or award?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper certificate or award.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper currency or decorative currency?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper currency or decorative currency.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts or is it entirely static?	Oracle said: The object is entirely static.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper poster or wall art?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper poster or wall art.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper sticker or decal?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper sticker or decal.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper certificate or diploma?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper certificate or diploma.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper label or tag?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper label or tag.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper poster or wall art?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper poster or wall art.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper napkin or decorative napkin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of paper napkin or decorative napkin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper placemat or decorative placemat?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper placemat or decorative placemat.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper calendar or decorative calendar?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper calendar or decorative calendar.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper certificate or award?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper certificate or award.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper fan or decorative fan?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of paper fan or decorative fan.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper photo or decorative photo?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of paper photo.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.
intercom,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small to medium-sized, often around the size of a small book or a wall-mounted panel.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and hard texture, often made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically gray, black, or white.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or adjusting other devices?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for controlling or adjusting other devices.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display screen?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a display screen.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Some intercoms are portable, but traditionally, they are fixed installations.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom?	Oracle said: Correct.
laptop,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it have electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and has electronic components.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g., handheld, tabletop, room-sized)	Oracle said: The object is approximately tabletop-sized.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a screen or display.	Guesser said: Does the object have input devices such as buttons or a keyboard?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has input devices such as a keyboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer or a laptop?	Oracle said: Correct.
amplifier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of an amplifier can vary, but typically it is a medium-sized object that can fit on a shelf or in a rack. Some are portable and compact, while others are larger for professional use.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth, metallic or plastic texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object can come in various colors, but it is often black or silver.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for audio purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amplifier?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting, storage, or another purpose?	Oracle said: The object is used for another purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in the kitchen, living room, or another area of the house?	Oracle said: The object is not commonly used in the kitchen or living room, but it might be found in another area of the house or a public space.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? Is it handheld, medium-sized, or large?	Oracle said: The object is generally considered to be large.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or a workshop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in an office or a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a gym or fitness center?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a gym or fitness center.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a public space like a library or a school?	Oracle said: No, the object is not often found in a library or a school.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom or bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage or basement?	Oracle said: It can be found in a basement, but it's more commonly found in places like diners, bars, or entertainment venues.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture or equipment used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pool table.	Guesser said: Does the object involve any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes, the object involves electronic components.	Guesser said: Is the object an arcade machine?	Oracle said: No, it is not an arcade machine.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: Traditional versions of the object do not have a screen or display, but some modern versions might include one.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth and sleek texture, often made from materials like fiberglass or polished wood.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally large, often ranging from about 30 feet to over 100 feet in length.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific environment or setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific environment or setting.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat or ship?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of boat or ship.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.
fuse,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small, often cylindrical, and can vary in size, but it's usually a few centimeters long.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a smooth texture.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically metallic with a glass or ceramic body, often appearing silver, clear, or white.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used in electronic devices?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in electronic devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic component, such as a resistor or capacitor?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of electronic component.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to large ships, but larger than most personal watercraft. It typically ranges from about 80 to 120 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is steel.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific color or colors?	Oracle said: A tugboat can come in various colors, but they are often painted in bright colors like red, blue, or yellow for visibility.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
website,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is none of these; it is intangible.	Guesser said: Does the object have any color associated with it?	Oracle said: The object itself does not have a specific color, but it can display various colors.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light?	Oracle said: No, the object itself does not emit light.	Guesser said: Can the object produce sound?	Oracle said: No, the object itself cannot produce sound.	Guesser said: Can the object change shape or form?	Oracle said: No, the object does not change shape or form in the traditional physical sense.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific location or environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a specific location or environment.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any particular temperature or weather conditions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with any particular temperature or weather conditions.	Guesser said: Does the object have any texture or tactile attributes?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any texture or tactile attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any specific size or scale?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with any specific size or scale.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with any particular type of motion or movement?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with any particular type of motion or movement.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any particular physical element or compound?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any particular physical element or compound.	Guesser said: Is the object visible to the human eye?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not visible to the human eye.	Guesser said: Is the object detectable through any scientific instruments?	Oracle said: No, the object is not detectable through scientific instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific shape or geometric form?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with a specific shape or geometric form.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with any particular state of matter or phase transition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with any particular state of matter or phase transition.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any particular spectrum of light or wavelength?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any particular spectrum of light or wavelength.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be described using physical dimensions or measurements?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be described using physical dimensions or measurements.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any particular type of physical medium or environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with a particular type of physical medium or environment.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be perceived by humans through any physical means?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be perceived by humans through physical means.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be affected or influenced by physical forces?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be affected or influenced by physical forces.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any particular type of material or substance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with any particular type of material or substance.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be quantified or measured in any physical way?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be quantified or measured in any physical way.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be described using physical characteristics or properties?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be described using physical characteristics or properties.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be interacted with through any physical means?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot be interacted with through physical means.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be perceived through its interaction with light, even if it doesn't emit light itself?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be perceived through its interaction with light, even though it doesn't emit light itself.	Guesser said: Is the object dependent on light interacting with surfaces to be perceived?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is dependent on light interacting with surfaces to be perceived, as it is typically viewed on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is perceived visually as a result of light patterns on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is perceived visually as a result of light patterns on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is perceived visually due to the arrangement of light and colors on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is perceived visually due to the arrangement of light and colors on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically perceived as a combination of different colors and shapes on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically perceived as a combination of different colors and shapes on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically perceived as a collection of colors and shapes that form a coherent image on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically perceived as a collection of colors and shapes that form a coherent image on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically perceived as a coherent image composed of colors and shapes on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically perceived as a coherent image composed of colors and shapes on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with being a visual display on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with being a visual display on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically perceived as a visual composition of colors and shapes on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically perceived as a visual composition of colors and shapes on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically perceived as a coherent arrangement of colors and shapes that can form detailed images on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be perceived as such when accessed through a digital device.	Guesser said: Is the object perceived as a visual display that can include both static and dynamic elements on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be perceived as a visual display that includes both static and dynamic elements on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with having both moving and still visual elements on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has both moving and still visual elements on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with having a variety of colors and shapes that change over time on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be associated with having a variety of colors and shapes that change over time on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically perceived as a dynamic visual display with changing colors and shapes on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically perceived as a dynamic visual display with changing colors and shapes on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a variety of colors and shapes that change over time to create a visual experience on a screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be associated with a variety of colors and shapes that change over time to create a visual experience on a screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a digital medium, such as a computer or television screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with a digital medium, such as a computer or television screen.	Guesser said: Is the object perceived as a dynamic visual display with changing colors and shapes, typically viewed on a digital screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be perceived as a dynamic visual display with changing colors and shapes, typically viewed on a digital screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with being a visual display that involves changing colors and shapes on a digital screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with being a visual display that involves changing colors and shapes on a digital screen.	Guesser said: Is the object perceived as a visual display with changing colors and shapes that create a dynamic experience on a digital screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is perceived as a visual display with changing colors and shapes that create a dynamic experience on a digital screen.	Guesser said: Is the object perceived as a visual experience involving changing colors and shapes on a digital screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be perceived as a visual experience involving changing colors and shapes on a digital screen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a digital screen that displays a dynamic visual experience?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with a digital screen that displays a dynamic visual experience.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a digital screen that displays a combination of colors and shapes that change over time?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with a digital screen that displays a combination of colors and shapes that change over time.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with being a visual display on a digital screen that involves changing colors and shapes for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with being a visual display on a digital screen for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with being a visual display on a digital screen for functional purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with being a visual display on a digital screen for functional purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with being a functional visual display on a digital screen that changes over time?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with being a functional visual display on a digital screen that changes over time.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with displaying information or status updates on a digital screen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically associated with displaying information or status updates on a digital screen.
compass,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object solid, liquid, or gas?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object typically has a smooth texture, often made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically circular, but it can also be found in other shapes like rectangular or square, depending on its design.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Does the object make any sound when it is used?	Oracle said: No, the object does not make any sound when it is used.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for holding or containing something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in daily life?	Oracle said: It is not commonly used in daily life by everyone, but it is frequently used by certain groups of people, such as hikers or navigators.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or orientation purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for navigation or orientation purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedometer,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found indoors, specifically inside vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle's engine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not part of a vehicle's engine.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle's interior?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is part of a vehicle's interior.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or adjusting something within the vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for controlling or adjusting something within the vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety purposes within the vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety purposes within the vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or holding items within the vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or holding items within the vehicle.	Guesser said: Does the object have a reflective surface?	Oracle said: No, the object does not typically have a reflective surface.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the vehicle's seating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not part of the vehicle's seating.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have electronic components.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for displaying information?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for displaying information.	Guesser said: Is the object a car dashboard instrument cluster?	Oracle said: No, it is not a car dashboard instrument cluster, but it is related to it.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital display screen within the vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a digital display screen within the vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object an analog gauge or dial within the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, it is an analog gauge or dial within the vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.