furniture,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or reclining?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a chair.	Guesser said: Does the object have a backrest?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bench.	Guesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can have armrests.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sofa.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to seat multiple people?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to seat multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a loveseat.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a dining room?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a dining room.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining bench?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining bench.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining table with attached seating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining table with attached seating.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room settee?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room settee.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining chair with a backrest and armrests?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining chair with a backrest and armrests.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room banquette?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room banquette.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room booth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room booth.	Guesser said: Does the object have upholstery?	Oracle said: Yes, the object typically has upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room upholstered bench?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room upholstered bench.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room armchair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room armchair.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room set with an upholstered banquette?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room set with an upholstered banquette.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room couch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room couch.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room set with an upholstered settee?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room set with an upholstered settee.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room pew?	Oracle said: No, it is not a dining room pew.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room sectional?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room sectional.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room sofa with a backrest and armrests?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room sofa with a backrest and armrests.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room banquette with upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room banquette with upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room bench with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room bench with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room booth with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room booth with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room settle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room settle.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room chaise lounge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room chaise lounge.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room couch with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room couch with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room loveseat with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room loveseat with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room bench with a backrest, armrests, and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room bench with a backrest, armrests, and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room armchair with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room armchair with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room settee with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room settee with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room banquette with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room banquette with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room hutch with a seating area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room hutch with a seating area.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room nook with a backrest and upholstery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room nook with a backrest and upholstery.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room bench with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room bench with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room booth with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room booth with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room settee with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room settee with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room banquette with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room banquette with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room pew with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room pew with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room chair with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room chair with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room sofa with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room sofa with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room settle with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room settle with a backrest.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room couch with a backrest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dining room couch with a backrest.
garment,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: It depends on the size of the garment, but generally, it can be held in one hand if folded.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or cloth?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn as an undergarment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly worn as an undergarment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in casual settings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn in casual settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outerwear, like a jacket or hoodie?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hoodie.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cardigan.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poncho.	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a windbreaker.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweatshirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kimono.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak or cape?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cloak or cape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolero?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bolero.	Guesser said: Is the object a pullover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pullover.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blazer.	Guesser said: Is the object a fleece?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fleece.	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a parka.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono-style cardigan?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kimono-style cardigan.	Guesser said: Is the object a gilet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gilet.	Guesser said: Is the object a anorak?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an anorak.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho-style sweater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poncho-style sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duster.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a raincoat.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shrug.	Guesser said: Is the object a track jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a track jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho-style jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poncho-style jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono-style jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kimono-style jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tunic.	Guesser said: Is the object a peacoat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a peacoat.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomber jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bomber jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a puffer jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a puffer jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain poncho?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rain poncho.	Guesser said: Is the object a trench coat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a trench coat.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a robe.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono-style robe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kimono-style robe.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho-style robe?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poncho-style robe.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie-style jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hoodie-style jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a pullover-style jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pullover-style jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a anorak-style jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an anorak-style jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho-style outerwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a poncho-style outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt-style outerwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweatshirt-style outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono-style outerwear?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kimono-style outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a denim jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a denim jacket.
syringe,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand, or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components or require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have any electronic components or require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function, such as cutting, measuring, or holding things together?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or school setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office or school setting.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen or for food-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in a kitchen or for food-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily associated with personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a hobby or craft activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a hobby or craft activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage or for automotive-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a garage or for automotive-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in a medical or healthcare setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for diagnostic purposes, treatment, or patient care?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for treatment and patient care.	Guesser said: Is the object used to administer medication or assist with breathing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to administer medication.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct.
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of your hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any kind of repair or construction work?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in construction work.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener, like a nail or screw?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a screw.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a common finishing nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a common finishing nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a roofing nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a roofing nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a masonry nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a masonry nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a brad nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a brad nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a concrete nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a duplex nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duplex nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a common wire nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a common wire nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring shank nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ring shank nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a cut nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cut nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel pin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a panel pin.	Guesser said: Is the object a clout nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clout nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a tack nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tack nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a spiral shank nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a spiral shank nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a casing nail?	Oracle said: No, it is not a casing nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a box nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a box nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist hanger nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a joist hanger nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a upholstery nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an upholstery nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a drywall nail?	Oracle said: No, it is not a drywall nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a cut clasp nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cut clasp nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a annular ring nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an annular ring nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a hardened steel nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hardened steel nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a flooring nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flooring nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a siding nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a siding nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a horseshoe nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a horseshoe nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist hanger nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a joist hanger nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pallet nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a trim nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a trim nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a upholstery tack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an upholstery tack.	Guesser said: Is the object a copper nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a copper nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pin nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a cut tack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cut tack.	Guesser said: Is the object a corrugated fastener?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a corrugated fastener.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring shank nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a ring shank nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a thumbtack.	Guesser said: Is the object a clinch nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clinch nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a framing nail?	Oracle said: No, it is not a framing nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanger nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a hanger nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a drywall screw?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drywall screw.	Guesser said: Is the object a tack strip nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tack strip nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist nail?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a joist nail.	Guesser said: Is the object a roofing tack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a roofing tack.
fedora,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in a specific room of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of another material, specifically fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body, lower body, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide warmth, style, or some other function?	Oracle said: The object is primarily designed for style.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly considered a type of accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly considered a type of accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to complement or enhance an outfit?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used to complement or enhance an outfit.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck or shoulders?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn around the neck or shoulders.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of hat.	Guesser said: Is the object a beret?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a beret.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in a person's hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is generally larger than what can fit in a person's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying on?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sitting or lying on.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to food preparation or consumption.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination or lighting purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for illumination or lighting purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or work environment?	Oracle said: The object can be used in a work environment, but it is more commonly used in a home setting.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to cleaning tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom or a mop?	Oracle said: Correct.
linen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be held in one hand, depending on its size.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of fabric or textile material.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for clothing or worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for clothing or worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly worn on the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory, such as a scarf or a belt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an accessory like a scarf or a belt.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically carried, like a bag or a purse?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically carried like a bag or a purse.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used in the home, like a towel or a blanket?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is used in the home.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting, like a pillow or a blanket?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in relation to sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedsheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress protector.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep mask.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pillowcase.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a comforter.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed skirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a quilt.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleeping bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a throw blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fitted sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping mat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleeping mat.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bolster.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed runner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed runner.	Guesser said: Is the object a weighted blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a weighted blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep sack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sleep sack.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a comforter cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: The object is related to a bed sheet, but it is not specifically a bed sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a flat sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a flat sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a top sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a top sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fitted sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet set?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sheet set.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed linen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of linen.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a crib sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed valance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed valance.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust ruffle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dust ruffle.
earplug,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of your hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often made of plastic or a similar material.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it have electronic components?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not have electronic components.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a household?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a household.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food or drink purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for food or drink purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for cooking purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for cooking purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office or for work-related tasks?	Oracle said: The object is not typically used for office or work-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of maintenance or repair tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for maintenance or repair tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative or used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for decorative or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of safety or protection purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for protection purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting against environmental elements, like rain or sun?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting against environmental elements like rain or sun.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for protecting a part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting the hands or fingers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting the hands or fingers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting the head or face?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting the head or face.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting the feet or toes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting the feet or toes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting the eyes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting the mouth or teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protecting the mouth or teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting the ears?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for protecting the ears.	Guesser said: Is the object earplugs?	Oracle said: Correct.
bench,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a typical car?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a typical car.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is alive?	Oracle said: No, the object is not alive.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: It can be, but it's not always made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in gardens or parks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in gardens or parks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: The object can have decorative elements, but its primary purpose is not decorative.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or resting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for seating.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: Correct.
carafe,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of fabric or textile materials.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or containment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for containment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pitcher or jug?	Oracle said: The object is similar to a glass pitcher or jug, but not exactly.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass carafe?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundress,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in one hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something you can typically hold in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or cloth?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can wear?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something you can wear.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically worn on the upper body, but it also covers the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of one-piece garment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of one-piece garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of dress.	Guesser said: Is the object a maxi dress?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a maxi dress.	Guesser said: Is the object a cocktail dress?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cocktail dress.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundress?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintbrush,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: It can be, but not always. Some parts might be made of plastic, like the handle, but other materials are also common.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or function.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food preparation or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to food preparation or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for leisure activities, particularly in creative or artistic pursuits.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drawing or writing?	Oracle said: The object is used for painting, which can be related to drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
mitten,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of your hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not usually made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be made of natural materials such as wool or cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used for clothing or fashion?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the hands?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on the hands.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to keep hands warm?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used to keep hands warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of mittens.	Guesser said: Is the object a single mitten?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single mitten.	Guesser said: Is the object a single glove?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single glove.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand warmer or muff?	Oracle said: The object is related to a hand warmer.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of hand warmers or a muff?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of hand warmers or a muff.	Guesser said: Is the object a single hand warmer?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used to keep a single hand warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a single hand warmer pouch or packet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single hand warmer pouch or packet.	Guesser said: Is the object a single fingerless glove or wrist warmer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single fingerless glove or wrist warmer.	Guesser said: Is the object a single hand muff?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single hand muff.	Guesser said: Is the object a single hand warmer in the form of a reusable fabric pouch or sleeve?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a single hand warmer in the form of a reusable fabric pouch or sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve, often filled with materials like rice or beans for heating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve, possibly designed to be heated with a heat source like a microwave or hot water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve designed to be heated.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve, possibly insulated to retain body heat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a single reusable fabric hand warmer, typically designed to cover the hand and retain body heat.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve, designed to be worn on the hand to retain body heat, possibly used in outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object fits that description.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve, often used in outdoor activities like hiking or skiing to retain body heat?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is similar to that description, but it specifically covers the hand and has a separate section for the thumb.	Guesser said: Is the object a single reusable fabric hand warmer sleeve with a separate section for the thumb, often used in outdoor activities like hiking or skiing to retain body heat?	Oracle said: Correct.
receptacle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of your hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in everyday life?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in everyday life.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it have electronic components?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not have electronic components.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal hygiene or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in the kitchen or for food-related purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or serving food?	Oracle said: The object can be used for serving food, but not specifically for measuring.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil, like a spoon or fork?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or containing food?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for storing or containing food.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic food storage container, like a Tupperware?	Oracle said: No, it is not a plastic food storage container like a Tupperware.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable or single-use?	Oracle said: The object can be disposable or single-use, but it is not always so.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic cup or a similar type of container?	Oracle said: The object is similar to a container, but it is not specifically a plastic cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic food storage bag, like a Ziploc bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic food storage bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic plate or bowl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic plate or bowl.	Guesser said: Is the object used for packaging or wrapping food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for packaging or containing food.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic wrap or cling film?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic wrap or cling film.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic bottle or jar?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic bottle or jar.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic lid or cover for food containers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic lid or cover for food containers.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic food tray, like those used for packaging fruits or baked goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic food tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic bag used for packaging, like those used for bread or produce?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic bag used for packaging.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic egg carton or similar type of packaging?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic egg carton or similar type of packaging.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for takeout or leftovers, like those used in restaurants?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for takeout or leftovers.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for holding condiments or sauces, like a small dipping cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for holding condiments or sauces.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic produce container, like those used for berries or cherry tomatoes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic produce container.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic ice cube tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic ice cube tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic food storage film, like those used for vacuum sealing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic food storage film.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic sandwich or snack bag, like those used for packing lunches?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic sandwich or snack bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic food container used for microwave steaming or reheating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic food container used for microwave steaming or reheating.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic cup used for holding food items, like a yogurt or pudding cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic cup used for holding food items.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing spices or herbs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for storing spices or herbs.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing leftovers, like a food storage container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for storing leftovers.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic lid or cap used for sealing bottles or jars?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic lid or cap used for sealing bottles or jars.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing small food items, like a pillbox or similar organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for storing small food items like a pillbox or similar organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic tray or insert used for organizing or separating food items, like those found in lunch boxes or bento boxes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic tray or insert used for organizing or separating food items.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging individual servings of food, like a single-serve snack pack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for packaging individual servings of food.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for holding eggs, like an egg holder or caddy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for holding eggs.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for holding and displaying bakery items, like a cake or pastry container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for holding and displaying bakery items.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing or organizing cutlery or utensils?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for storing or organizing cutlery or utensils.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or holding takeout sauces or dressings, like a small sauce cup?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for packaging or holding takeout sauces or dressings.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for holding ice cream or frozen desserts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for holding ice cream or frozen desserts.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing deli meats or cheeses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for packaging or storing deli meats or cheeses.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing fruits or vegetables, like a clamshell container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for packaging or storing fruits or vegetables.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing beverages, like a juice box or milk carton?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic container used for packaging or storing beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for holding or serving food items, like a food tray or platter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for holding or serving food items like a food tray or platter.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing baked goods, like a muffin or cupcake holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for packaging or storing baked goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing candies or small snacks, like a candy jar or snack container?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for packaging or storing candies or small snacks.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing dairy products, like a yogurt or butter tub?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for packaging or storing dairy products.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for packaging or storing leftovers, like a food storage container with a lid?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a plastic container used for packaging or storing leftovers.
binder,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be held in one hand, but it might be more comfortable to hold with two hands depending on its size and contents.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or storing things?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for holding or storing things.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent or translucent?	Oracle said: The object is neither transparent nor translucent.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or sorting items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for organizing items.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic desk organizer or file holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic desk organizer or file holder.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing writing instruments or small office supplies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing writing instruments or small office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing paper or documents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing paper or documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic document tray or letter tray?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic document tray or letter tray.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic binder or folder?	Oracle said: The object is a binder.	Guesser said: Is the binder typically used for organizing and storing loose-leaf paper or documents?	Oracle said: Yes, a binder is typically used for organizing and storing loose-leaf paper or documents.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for confirming.	Oracle said: You're welcome! Please go ahead and ask your questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of different from the binder we just discussed?	Oracle said: No, the object I am thinking of is not different from the binder we just discussed.	Guesser said: Thank you for clarifying! If you have another object in mind, let me know, and I'll be happy to guess again.	Oracle said: I have an object in mind. Please ask your questions to guess what it is!	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: It can be held in one hand, but it is typically more comfortable to hold with two hands.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing or organizing items.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing electronic devices or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing electronic devices or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing paper or documents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing paper or documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic file box or storage box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic file box or storage box.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic magazine holder or file sorter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic magazine holder or file sorter.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic clipboard or document holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic clipboard or document holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic expanding file folder or accordion folder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic expanding file folder or accordion folder.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic binder or ring binder?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of binder.	Guesser said: Is the binder typically used for organizing and storing loose-leaf paper or documents, similar to a three-ring binder?	Oracle said: Yes, a binder is typically used for organizing and storing loose-leaf paper or documents, similar to a three-ring binder.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for confirming. If you have another object in mind, let me know, and I'll be happy to guess again.	Oracle said: I am currently thinking of an object. Please feel free to ask questions to guess what it is!	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be held in one hand, though it might be more comfortable to hold with two hands depending on its size and contents.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing or organizing items.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing writing instruments or small office supplies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing writing instruments or small office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing paper or documents?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing paper or documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic clipboard or document holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic clipboard or document holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic expanding file folder or accordion folder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic expanding file folder or accordion folder.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic file box or storage box?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic file box or storage box.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic magazine holder or file sorter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic magazine holder or file sorter.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic binder or ring binder?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of binder.
patch,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or cloth?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory, like a hat or scarf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an accessory like a hat or scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing, such as a glove or sock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of clothing like a glove or sock.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for protection or safety, like a mask?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for protection or safety in certain contexts.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear, such as a bandage or wrap?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of protective gear, especially when used for covering or repairing.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bandage.	Guesser said: Is the object an adhesive bandage or tape?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an adhesive bandage or tape.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of cloth used for covering wounds, like gauze?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a piece of cloth used for covering wounds like gauze, but it can be related to covering or repairing.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch, like a fabric patch used for repairing clothes?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedpan,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in households?	Oracle said: It is not commonly used in all households, but it is found in some, particularly where there are individuals with specific medical needs.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or mechanical in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is neither electronic nor mechanical in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic, but it can also be made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mobility assistance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for mobility assistance.	Guesser said: Is the object used for administering medication or treatment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for administering medication or treatment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or measuring a health condition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for monitoring or measuring a health condition.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing comfort or support to the body?	Oracle said: The object is used for a specific bodily function, rather than providing comfort or support.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste elimination or bodily fluids?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to waste elimination or bodily fluids.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan or a urinal?	Oracle said: Correct.
baseboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in a particular room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a particular area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be commonly found in the kitchen, as well as in other rooms of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or preparing food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing or preparing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining cleanliness?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning or maintaining cleanliness.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for providing comfort or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or holding items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for organizing or holding items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal hygiene or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material, such as glass, metal, or wood?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of wood, but it can also be made of other materials like plastic or MDF.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display or hold other decorative items, such as photos or artwork?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to display or hold other decorative items.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often hung on walls or placed on surfaces for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture or part of a larger furniture item?	Oracle said: The object is not a piece of furniture or part of a larger furniture item.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or related to light in any way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for lighting or related to light in any way.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used during specific occasions or events?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used during specific occasions or events.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of utility or practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object serves a practical purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound or used to produce sound in any way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to sound or used to produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control or insulation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to insulation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of window blind or curtain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of window blind or curtain.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door or window frame?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of door or window frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of draft stopper or door snake?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of draft stopper or door snake.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall panel or insulation board?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of wall panel or insulation board.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weather stripping or sealant used around doors or windows?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of weather stripping or sealant used around doors or windows.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rug or carpet that provides insulation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of rug or carpet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulation material used in construction, like fiberglass or foam?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulation material like fiberglass or foam.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal curtain or thermal drape?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of thermal curtain or thermal drape.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated cover or sleeve, such as those used for pipes or water heaters?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated cover or sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat or pad that provides insulation, such as a floor mat or underlay?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of mat or pad that provides insulation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated container or vessel, such as a thermos or cooler?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated container or vessel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated clothing or accessory, such as gloves or a jacket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated clothing or accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated building component, like a door or window with built-in insulation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated building component like a door or window with built-in insulation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated flooring or subflooring material?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated flooring or subflooring material.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated panel or barrier used for soundproofing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated panel or barrier used for soundproofing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated wall or ceiling tile?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated wall or ceiling tile.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of draft excluder or door sweep?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of draft excluder or door sweep.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal insulation tape or wrap used for pipes or ducts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of thermal insulation tape or wrap used for pipes or ducts.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated wall or ceiling panel used for temperature control?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated wall or ceiling panel used for temperature control.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated blanket or cover used for appliances or machinery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated blanket or cover used for appliances or machinery.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weather-resistant barrier or membrane used in construction?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of weather-resistant barrier or membrane used in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulation used in attics or roofs, such as a radiant barrier or reflective insulation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulation used in attics or roofs.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated curtain or drape used to block drafts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated curtain or drape used to block drafts.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated window film or coating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated window film or coating.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated cover or shield used for outdoor furniture or equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated cover or shield used for outdoor furniture or equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated decorative item, such as a wall hanging or tapestry that provides some insulation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated decorative item like a wall hanging or tapestry.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated mug or cup designed to keep beverages warm?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated mug or cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal barrier or partition used within a room to manage temperature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used as a thermal barrier or partition to manage temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulated bedding, such as a blanket or comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of insulated bedding.
gown,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of your hand?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a typical refrigerator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a typical refrigerator.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of fabric or textile materials.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people typically sit or lie on?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something that people typically sit or lie on.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: The object can be used for aesthetic purposes, as it is often designed to be visually appealing.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically hung or draped?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically hung or draped.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a curtain or drapery.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to cover or decorate a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to cover or decorate a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used to cover windows or walls?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something that is often used to cover windows or walls.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in events or special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in events or special occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of banner or flag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of banner or flag.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a backdrop or part of a display at events?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used as a backdrop or part of a display at events.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn or used as part of a costume or attire for events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often worn as part of attire for events.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf or shawl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of scarf or shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress or gown?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of gown.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedding gown?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a wedding gown.	Guesser said: Is the object a formal evening gown?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of gown, but it is not specifically limited to a formal evening gown.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball gown?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a ball gown.	Guesser said: Is the object a prom gown?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a prom gown.	Guesser said: Is the object a cocktail dress?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cocktail dress.	Guesser said: Is the object a costume gown, such as one used for theatrical performances or themed events?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a costume gown, but it is not limited to theatrical performances or themed events.	Guesser said: Is the object a traditional or cultural gown, such as a kimono or sari?	Oracle said: The object can be a traditional or cultural gown, but it is not limited to that. It encompasses all types of gowns.	Guesser said: Is the object a general type of gown that can be used for various occasions, such as a versatile evening gown?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of gown that can be used for various occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a versatile evening gown that can be adapted for different events and occasions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of gown, but it is not limited to evening wear or versatility.	Guesser said: Is the object a formal gown that can be worn for a range of formal events, not limited to any specific type?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a formal gown that can be worn for a range of formal events.	Guesser said: Is the object a general formal gown suitable for various formal occasions, such as galas, ceremonies, or formal dinners?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a formal gown suitable for various formal occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a generic formal gown that can be used for multiple types of formal events, without being specific to any one event type?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a generic formal gown that can be used for multiple types of formal events.	Guesser said: Is the object a classic evening gown, suitable for a variety of formal events like galas, ceremonies, or formal dinners?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of gown that can be suitable for formal events like galas, ceremonies, or formal dinners.	Guesser said: Is the object a classic evening gown, designed to be versatile and suitable for a range of formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a gown, and it can indeed be a classic evening gown designed for formal occasions. Correct.
tile,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is usually stationary, or is it often moved around?	Oracle said: The object is usually stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a typical human?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a typical human.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal, wood, plastic, or some other material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of ceramic or stone material.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes, functional purposes, or both?	Oracle said: The object is used for both decorative and functional purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garden or a living room?	Oracle said: The object is more commonly found in a living room.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold or contain something?	Oracle said: No, the object does not typically hold or contain something.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light or produce sound?	Oracle said: No, the object does not emit light or produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in conjunction with other objects or as a standalone piece?	Oracle said: The object is often used in conjunction with other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor, a table, or mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on the floor or mounted on a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with art or cultural significance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be associated with art or cultural significance, especially in the context of mosaics or decorative designs.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile or a piece of decorative stonework?	Oracle said: Correct.