bandanna,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically associated with a specific room or area of a house; it can be found in various places.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for leisure activities, but it is not primarily associated with entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of art or craft activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be related to art or craft activities, as it can be used in various creative ways.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used in writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a particular material, such as wood, metal, or plastic?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric, often cotton or a cotton blend.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or used as an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn or used as an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to provide warmth or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used to provide warmth or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a fashion statement or for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used as a fashion statement or for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat or headwear?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of headwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: Correct.
filter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in specific areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can often be found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in the process of preparing food.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cutting or chopping?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cutting or chopping.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or blending ingredients?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for mixing or blending ingredients.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooking food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for heating or cooking food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or ingredients?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing food or ingredients.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or eating food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for serving or eating food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining cleanliness in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for maintaining cleanliness in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing dishes or utensils?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for washing dishes or utensils.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning surfaces or countertops?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning surfaces or countertops.	Guesser said: Is the object used for disposing of waste or trash?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for disposing of waste or trash.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying or organizing kitchen items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drying or organizing kitchen items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for filtering or purifying something in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for filtering or purifying something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for filtering or purifying water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for filtering or purifying water.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter or a water purifier?	Oracle said: The object is a filter.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter pitcher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a water filter pitcher.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet-mounted water filter?	Oracle said: No, it is not a faucet-mounted water filter.	Guesser said: Is the object an under-sink water filter system?	Oracle said: No, it is not an under-sink water filter system.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator water filter?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a refrigerator water filter.	Guesser said: Is the object a countertop water filter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a countertop water filter.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable water filter, like those used for travel or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a portable water filter for travel or outdoor activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a whole-house water filtration system?	Oracle said: No, it is not a whole-house water filtration system.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used as a filter in a coffee maker or similar appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee filter?	Oracle said: No, it is not a coffee filter.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a water filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable metal or mesh coffee filter?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a reusable metal or mesh coffee filter.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable cloth or fabric filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable cloth or fabric filter used in a coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable plastic filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter basket used in a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter basket used in a coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic pod or capsule used in a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a reusable plastic pod or capsule used in a coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter disk or disk-shaped filter used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter disk or disk-shaped filter used in a coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter cone used in a coffee maker or similar appliance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter cone used in a coffee maker or similar appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter that can be used in a single-serve coffee maker, like a Keurig or similar machine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable plastic filter used in a single-serve coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable K-Cup filter for a Keurig coffee maker?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a reusable K-Cup filter for a Keurig coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter used in a Nespresso or similar single-serve coffee machine?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a reusable plastic filter for a Nespresso or similar single-serve coffee machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter compatible with multiple types of single-serve coffee makers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable plastic filter compatible with multiple types of single-serve coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a universal reusable plastic coffee filter for single-serve coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a universal reusable plastic coffee filter for single-serve coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter adapter or accessory that enhances compatibility with various single-serve coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter adapter or accessory for coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter cup or basket that fits into different brands of single-serve coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter cup or basket for single-serve coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter insert that can be placed inside single-serve coffee pods to allow for customization of coffee grounds?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter insert for coffee pods.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter designed for use with a specific brand of single-serve coffee maker, but not limited to one brand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter for a single-serve coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter that can be used in a drip coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a reusable plastic filter used in a drip coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic coffee filter basket designed for drip coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a reusable plastic coffee filter basket designed for drip coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter cone or funnel that can be used with drip coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter cone or funnel for drip coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter disk or pad that can be used in drip coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter disk or pad for drip coffee makers.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter designed to fit in the basket of a drip coffee maker, allowing for the use of loose coffee grounds?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter for a drip coffee maker.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable plastic filter that can be used in both single-serve and drip coffee makers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a reusable plastic filter for coffee makers.
satin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house, as it is a type of fabric and can be used in various settings.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is usually hung or draped?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is usually draped.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a covering for furniture or windows?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used as a covering for furniture or windows.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in clothing or fashion accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in clothing or fashion accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in formal or special occasion attire?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in formal or special occasion attire.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric like silk or satin that is often used in making dresses or gowns?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of fabric often used in making dresses or gowns.	Guesser said: Is the object silk?	Oracle said: No, the object is not silk.	Guesser said: Is the object satin?	Oracle said: Correct.
flask,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in the kitchen or for food-related activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or preserving food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing or preserving food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or consuming food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for consuming beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass or ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass or tumbler?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drinking glass or tumbler.	Guesser said: Is the object used for consuming hot beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for consuming hot beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used for consuming alcoholic beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for consuming alcoholic beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wine glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a beer mug or pint glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a beer mug or pint glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a cocktail glass, such as a martini glass or a highball glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cocktail glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a champagne flute?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a champagne flute.	Guesser said: Is the object a shot glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shot glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a brandy snifter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a brandy snifter.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiskey glass, such as a rocks glass or an old-fashioned glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a whiskey glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a sake cup or glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sake cup or glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a margarita glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a margarita glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a cordial glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cordial glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a decanter used for serving alcoholic beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decanter.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch bowl or a glass used for serving punch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a punch bowl or a glass used for serving punch.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of glass used for a particular type of spirit or liqueur, such as a grappa glass or a port glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a specific type of glass used for a particular type of spirit or liqueur.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pitcher or carafe used for serving beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass pitcher or carafe.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass used for serving water, such as a water goblet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass used for serving water, such as a water goblet.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass jar or container used for infusing or mixing beverages, like a glass infuser or mixing glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass infuser or mixing glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass teacup or a glass used for serving iced tea?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass teacup or a glass used for serving iced tea.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass used for decorative purposes, such as a decorative vase or ornament?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bottle used for storing or serving beverages?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a glass bottle used for storing or serving beverages, but it can be used to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass growler or jug used for carrying beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass growler or jug.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass canteen or flask used for carrying beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a flask.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass hip flask used for carrying small amounts of alcoholic beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a glass hip flask.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass water bottle or glass container used for carrying beverages, like a glass thermos or travel flask?	Oracle said: The object is similar to a glass container used for carrying beverages, but it is not specifically a glass thermos or travel flask.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass decanter flask used for storing and pouring beverages?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a glass decanter, but it is related to storing and pouring liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass oil or vinegar cruet used for storing and pouring liquids?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass oil or vinegar cruet.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass perfume or cologne bottle used for storing and dispensing liquids?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass perfume or cologne bottle.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass measuring cup used for measuring and pouring liquids?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass measuring cup.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass water dispenser or jug used for serving beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glass water dispenser or jug.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass laboratory flask, such as an Erlenmeyer flask or a volumetric flask, used for holding and pouring liquids?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in areas where personal belongings are kept, such as a bedroom or a closet, but it can also be found in other areas like an entryway or a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storing clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for storing accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for storing small accessories like jewelry or watches?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for storing small accessories like jewelry or watches.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing larger accessories like bags or shoes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing larger accessories like bags or shoes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing accessories related to personal grooming or hygiene, such as toiletries or cosmetics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing accessories related to personal grooming or cosmetics.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom or near a vanity area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a bathroom or near a vanity area.	Guesser said: Is the object portable, allowing it to be easily moved from one place to another?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and can be easily moved from one place to another.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or case used for organizing and storing grooming accessories, such as a toiletry bag or cosmetic case?	Oracle said: The object is a type of bag, but it is not specifically used for organizing and storing grooming accessories like a toiletry bag or cosmetic case.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing personal grooming tools, such as a hairbrush or hairdryer?	Oracle said: It can be used to store small personal grooming tools, like a hairbrush, but it is not specifically designed for larger items like a hairdryer.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pouch or organizer that can be used for various purposes, such as a travel pouch or organizer bag?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of pouch or organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a toiletry bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toiletry bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a makeup bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose organizer pouch, like a travel organizer or a utility pouch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a general-purpose organizer pouch or a utility pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed for storing electronic accessories, such as cables or chargers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically designed for storing electronic accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing stationery or office supplies?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing stationery or office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing personal items like keys, wallets, or sunglasses?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing personal items like keys, wallets, or sunglasses.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clutch or small handbag used for carrying personal items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of small handbag used for carrying personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristlet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wristlet.	Guesser said: Is the object a clutch purse?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a clutch purse.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbody bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a crossbody bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a small handbag like a pouch or a mini bag used for carrying essentials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a small handbag used for carrying essentials.	Guesser said: Is the object a mini shoulder bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mini shoulder bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt bag or fanny pack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a belt bag or fanny pack.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin purse?	Oracle said: No, it is not a coin purse.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag or purse that is typically carried by hand, such as a top-handle bag?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of handbag or purse that can be carried by hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a satchel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a satchel.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tote bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag known as a "minaudière"?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a minaudière.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag known as a "top-handle bag"?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a top-handle bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag known as a "evening bag"?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an evening bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag known as a "handheld pouch"?	Oracle said: Yes, a purse can be considered a type of handbag or handheld pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: The object is not typically confined to a specific room or area of a house; it can be found in various places.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be related to leisure activities, as it is often worn during casual or relaxed settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt or top?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of top.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with casual or athletic wear?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly associated with casual wear.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a t-shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater or sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle typically used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is typically used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is powered by an internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of car.	Guesser said: Is the car a sedan?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorcar, but I cannot specify if it is a sedan or any other type of car.	Guesser said: Thank you for the clarification. Is the car typically used for off-road activities?	Oracle said: No, the motorcar is typically used for on-road activities rather than off-road.	Guesser said: Is the car known for being particularly fuel-efficient?	Oracle said: Some motorcars are known for being fuel-efficient, but not all. It depends on the make and model.	Guesser said: Is the car commonly associated with luxury or high-end features?	Oracle said: A motorcar can be associated with both luxury and non-luxury features, depending on the make and model.	Guesser said: Is the car commonly used for family transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, a motorcar is commonly used for family transportation.	Guesser said: Is the car a type of minivan?	Oracle said: No, the object I am thinking of is not specifically a minivan.	Guesser said: Is the car a type of SUV?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not specifically an SUV, but it is a type of motorcar.	Guesser said: Is the car a hatchback?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorcar, but I cannot specify the type of car until you guess the object correctly.	Guesser said: Is the car a common type of passenger vehicle used for everyday commuting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a common type of passenger vehicle used for everyday commuting.	Guesser said: Is the car a compact car?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorcar, but I haven't specified its type. It could be a compact car or another type.	Guesser said: Is the car typically used for urban driving?	Oracle said: Yes, a motorcar is typically used for urban driving.	Guesser said: Is the car a sedan?	Oracle said: Yes, the object I am thinking of can be a sedan.	Guesser said: Is the object a four-door sedan commonly used for commuting and family transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a four-door sedan commonly used for commuting and family transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a Toyota Camry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Toyota Camry.	Guesser said: Is the object a Honda Accord?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Honda Accord.	Guesser said: Is the object a Ford Fusion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Ford Fusion.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nissan Altima?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Nissan Altima.	Guesser said: Is the object a Hyundai Sonata?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Hyundai Sonata.	Guesser said: Is the object a Chevrolet Malibu?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Chevrolet Malibu.	Guesser said: Is the object a Volkswagen Passat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Volkswagen Passat.	Guesser said: Is the object a Kia Optima?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Kia Optima.	Guesser said: Is the object a Subaru Legacy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Subaru Legacy.	Guesser said: Is the object a Mazda6?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Mazda6.	Guesser said: Is the object a Chrysler 300?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Chrysler 300.	Guesser said: Is the object a BMW 3 Series?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a BMW 3 Series.	Guesser said: Is the object a Mercedes-Benz C-Class?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Mercedes-Benz C-Class.	Guesser said: Is the object an Audi A4?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an Audi A4.	Guesser said: Is the object a Lexus ES?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Lexus ES.	Guesser said: Is the object an Acura TLX?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an Acura TLX.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tesla Model 3?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Tesla Model 3.	Guesser said: Is the object an Infiniti Q50?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an Infiniti Q50.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dodge Charger?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Dodge Charger.	Guesser said: Is the object a Honda Civic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Honda Civic.	Guesser said: Is the object a Toyota Corolla?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Toyota Corolla.	Guesser said: Is the object a Volkswagen Jetta?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Volkswagen Jetta.	Guesser said: Is the object a Ford Focus?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Ford Focus.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nissan Sentra?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Nissan Sentra.	Guesser said: Is the object a Chevrolet Cruze?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Chevrolet Cruze.	Guesser said: Is the object a Hyundai Elantra?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Hyundai Elantra.	Guesser said: Is the object a Kia Forte?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Kia Forte.	Guesser said: Is the object a Subaru Impreza?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Subaru Impreza.
harpsichord,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in a specific room or area of a house, often in a music room or living room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or playing music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for creating or playing music.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument typically played with strings, keys, or by blowing air?	Oracle said: The musical instrument is typically played with keys.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No, it is not a piano.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument smaller than a piano and often portable?	Oracle said: The harpsichord is generally similar in size to a piano, but it is not typically considered portable.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is a natural element.	Guesser said: Is the object a living organism or a non-living element?	Oracle said: The object is a living organism.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or an animal?	Oracle said: The object is a type of plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in a specific type of environment, such as a forest, desert, or aquatic setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is commonly found in a specific type of environment, particularly in subtropical wetlands.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having a distinctive appearance or feature, such as large leaves or a unique shape?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for its distinctive appearance, particularly its unique shape and mechanism.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for having a carnivorous nature?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for having a carnivorous nature.	Guesser said: Is the object a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for entertainment or leisure?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure, but it can be appreciated for its artistic value.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces like tables or shelves?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed on surfaces like tables, shelves, or sometimes on the ground.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material like ceramic, glass, or metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be made of materials like ceramic, glass, or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture or figurine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture often used to represent a specific theme or subject, such as animals, people, or abstract forms?	Oracle said: Yes, sculptures often represent specific themes or subjects, including animals, people, or abstract forms.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture you are thinking of specifically an abstract form?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture I am thinking of is an abstract form.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of typically small enough to be easily moved by one person?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of can vary in size, but it is often large enough that it may require more than one person to move it.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture made by a well-known artist or designer?	Oracle said: The sculpture can be made by either a well-known artist or an unknown one; it depends on the specific piece you are thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of commonly found in art galleries or museums?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture I am thinking of is commonly found in art galleries or museums.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a piece by a renowned artist like Henry Moore or Constantin Brâncuși?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specified to be by a renowned artist like Henry Moore or Constantin Brâncuși.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture made from a single type of material, such as entirely metal or entirely glass?	Oracle said: The sculpture can be made from a single type of material, but it is not limited to just one. Sculptures can be made from various materials including metal, glass, stone, wood, and more.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture known for its use of geometric shapes or organic forms?	Oracle said: The sculpture is known for its use of geometric shapes.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a type of modern art piece, like a minimalist or constructivist sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture I am thinking of can be considered a type of modern art piece.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a minimalist piece, possibly by an artist like Donald Judd or Sol LeWitt?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically a minimalist piece by Donald Judd or Sol LeWitt.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its interactive or kinetic elements?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for interactive or kinetic elements.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its large scale and public installations, possibly like those by Richard Serra?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for being an abstract piece or for large-scale public installations like those by Richard Serra.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of characterized by its use of color, possibly similar to works by artists like Alexander Calder?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically characterized by its use of color like works by Alexander Calder.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its use of light or reflective surfaces?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for its use of light or reflective surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its simplicity and focus on basic geometric forms, possibly akin to works by artists like Tony Smith?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for its simplicity or focus on basic geometric forms like those by Tony Smith.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its intricate or complex geometric patterns?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for intricate or complex geometric patterns.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of associated with a particular art movement or style, such as Cubism or Futurism?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically associated with a particular art movement or style like Cubism or Futurism.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of typically made from natural materials like stone or wood?	Oracle said: Yes, sculptures can often be made from natural materials like stone or wood.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its integration with natural environments or landscapes?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for its integration with natural environments or landscapes.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of often found in private collections or homes, rather than public spaces?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of can be found in both private collections and public spaces, but it is more commonly associated with public spaces.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its architectural qualities or being part of a building's design, like works by Isamu Noguchi?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for its architectural qualities or being part of a building's design like works by Isamu Noguchi.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its historical significance or being a landmark piece in the development of abstract art?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for its historical significance or as a landmark piece in the development of abstract art.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of often created as a unique, one-of-a-kind piece rather than being mass-produced?	Oracle said: Yes, sculptures are often created as unique, one-of-a-kind pieces rather than being mass-produced.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of typically displayed outdoors, such as in a sculpture garden or park?	Oracle said: Yes, sculptures are often displayed outdoors in places like sculpture gardens or parks.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of made from a durable material like bronze or stone, suitable for outdoor display?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture can be made from durable materials like bronze or stone, suitable for outdoor display.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a well-known piece like "The Thinker" by Auguste Rodin, which is often displayed outdoors?	Oracle said: No, the sculpture I am thinking of is not a well-known piece like "The Thinker" by Auguste Rodin.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its large scale and is often part of a public art installation?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture I am thinking of can be known for its large scale and is often part of a public art installation.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a piece that is frequently seen in urban environments, like a large-scale public art installation in a city?	Oracle said: Yes, sculptures are often seen in urban environments as large-scale public art installations.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of something like the "Chicago Picasso," which is a large-scale public art installation in an urban environment?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specified to be abstract or located in an urban environment like the "Chicago Picasso."	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of located in a specific city or region that is known for its public art installations?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not tied to a specific city or region known for public art installations.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of part of a series or collection of similar works by the same artist?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not part of a series or collection of similar works by the same artist.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its innovative use of materials or techniques?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically known for its innovative use of materials or techniques.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a standalone piece that is often recognized for its iconic shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture is often recognized for its iconic shape or form.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of something like "Cloud Gate" (The Bean) in Chicago, which is recognized for its iconic shape?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not "Cloud Gate," but it is a physical object that could be considered iconic in its own right.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of known for its symbolic meaning or cultural significance?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture is known for its symbolic meaning and cultural significance.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of something like the "Statue of Liberty," which is recognized for its iconic shape and cultural significance?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not the "Statue of Liberty," but it is a physical object that can have cultural significance and may be recognized for its shape.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of located in a country that is well-known for its art and cultural heritage, such as Italy or France?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically located in any particular country, as it is a general concept of a sculpture rather than a specific one.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of often associated with a particular event or historical moment?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically associated with a particular event or historical moment.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of often found in places of cultural or historical significance, like a museum or a historical site?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture is often found in places of cultural or historical significance, such as museums or historical sites.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of often used as a symbol or emblem for a particular institution or organization?	Oracle said: The sculpture I am thinking of is not specifically an abstract sculpture used as a symbol or emblem for a particular institution or organization.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of often recognized for its unique or unusual design that stands out in its environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the sculpture is often recognized for its unique or unusual design that stands out in its environment.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of a well-known piece like "The Gates" by Christo and Jeanne-Claude, which is recognized for its unique design and cultural significance?	Oracle said: No, the sculpture I am thinking of is not "The Gates" by Christo and Jeanne-Claude.	Guesser said: Is the abstract sculpture you are thinking of typically made from a combination of materials, such as metal and stone, to create its unique design?	Oracle said: Yes, sculptures can often be made from a combination of materials like metal and stone to create unique designs.
doorstop,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: The object can be found in various rooms of a house, but it is commonly found near doors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security or privacy purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for security or privacy purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for controlling or managing the environment, such as temperature or lighting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for controlling or managing the environment like temperature or lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is interacted with physically, such as by touching or moving it?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is interacted with physically.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for entering or exiting a room or building?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entering or exiting a room or building.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hanging or displaying items, such as coats or keys?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for hanging or displaying items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the area near doors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintaining the area near doors.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound or noise, such as a doorbell or chime?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to sound or noise.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative or aesthetic in nature?	Oracle said: The object is primarily functional, but it can have decorative or aesthetic elements.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for holding or supporting items temporarily, like a doorstop or a door holder?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for holding or supporting items temporarily.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in areas where personal belongings are kept, such as a bedroom or near the entrance of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storing clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing smaller personal items, like keys or mail?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing smaller personal items, but not typically keys or mail.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for storing items like jewelry or watches?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for storing jewelry or watches.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to technology, like chargers or gadgets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing items related to technology.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing items related to personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing documents or papers?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for storing small documents or papers.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container or holder, like a tray or a box?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of holder.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer or a document holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desk organizer or a document holder.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items like letters or important papers, possibly a small filing system or a letter holder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing letters or important papers like a filing system or letter holder.	Guesser said: Is the object something that might be used to store small, miscellaneous items that are frequently needed or accessed, like a catch-all dish or bowl?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store small, frequently accessed items, but it is more specifically designed for certain types of items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to hobbies or leisure activities, like a game or puzzle organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storing items related to hobbies or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to personal identification or finances, like a wallet or a card holder?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing items related to personal identification or finances.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time, or can it be used by multiple people simultaneously?	Oracle said: The object is typically used by one person at a time.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any form of entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any specific type of hobby or activity, such as a game or a craft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to specific activities, particularly those involving observation or viewing.	Guesser said: Is the object something that enhances or aids in the viewing of something, like a pair of binoculars or a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: Yes, the object aids in the viewing of something.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magnifying glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used to view things at a distance, like binoculars or a telescope?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to view things at a distance.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pair of binoculars.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a telescope.	Guesser said: Is the object a monocular?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a monocular.	Guesser said: Is the object used for viewing distant objects in a specific setting, such as theater or opera glasses?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for viewing distant objects, but it is not specifically limited to theater or opera settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a spotting scope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a spotting scope.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical instrument used for birdwatching or nature observation, like a field scope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of optical instrument used for birdwatching or nature observation like a field scope.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical instrument used for marine or nautical purposes, like a spyglass?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically used for marine or nautical purposes, but it is related to optical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a periscope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a periscope.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical instrument used for viewing distant objects in a scientific or educational context, like a microscope?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a component of an optical instrument used for viewing, similar to those used in scientific or educational contexts.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a microscope?	Oracle said: The object is related to a lens, but it is not specifically used in a microscope.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a camera or a projector?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a camera or a projector.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in eyeglasses or a similar optical device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a lens used in a similar optical device.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of reading glasses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a pair of reading glasses.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of virtual reality or augmented reality headsets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used in virtual reality or augmented reality headsets.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of prescription eyeglasses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a pair of prescription eyeglasses.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a pair of sunglasses.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of contact lenses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a pair of contact lenses.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a magnifying glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of opera glasses?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a pair of opera glasses.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: The object is related to a lens, but it is not specifically used in a pair of binoculars.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a viewfinder or similar optical device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a lens used in a viewfinder or similar optical device.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a camera viewfinder?	Oracle said: The object is similar, but it is not specifically a lens used in a camera viewfinder.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a rangefinder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lens used in a rangefinder.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used in a slide viewer or similar device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of lens used in devices like telescopes or microscopes.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyepiece lens used in a telescope or microscope?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is an eyepiece lens used in a telescope or microscope.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyepiece lens used in a telescope?	Oracle said: Correct.
wastebasket,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a particular area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can commonly be found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for maintenance purposes, but it is not limited to the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store food items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to store food items.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store cleaning supplies or tools?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store cleaning supplies or tools.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store utensils or kitchen gadgets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store utensils or kitchen gadgets.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store non-kitchen items, such as documents or miscellaneous household items?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used to store non-kitchen items, such as miscellaneous household items.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drawer or cabinet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of drawer or cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or easy to move around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and easy to move around.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage box or container, like a plastic bin or basket?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic storage bin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a plastic storage bin.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material other than plastic, such as fabric or metal?	Oracle said: The object can be made of plastic, metal, or other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket, like a laundry basket or a general-purpose storage basket?	Oracle said: The object is a type of basket, but it is not used for laundry or general-purpose storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a wastebasket or trash bin?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle typically used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the vehicle is typically used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically powered by an internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: It is not typically used on a daily basis by most people, but it is commonly used in certain professions.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific profession or industry?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in specific professions or industries, particularly in electronics and engineering.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or testing purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measuring or testing purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a multimeter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a multimeter.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure electrical properties?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to measure electrical properties.	Guesser said: Is the object an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in a particular room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bar of soap.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning hair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for cleaning hair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scrubbing or exfoliating the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for scrubbing or exfoliating the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying the body after cleaning?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drying the body after cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid or gel used during the cleaning process?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a liquid or gel.	Guesser said: Is the object something that dispenses or holds cleaning products?	Oracle said: The object can hold cleaning products, but that is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding water during the cleaning process?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for holding water during the cleaning process.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.
cufflink,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a bedroom or dressing area.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or self-care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or self-care.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for relaxation or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically hung on a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is placed on a surface, like a table or dresser?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically placed on a surface like a table or dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically placed on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is part of the furniture or structure of the room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not part of the furniture or structure of the room.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or associated with clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is associated with clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a closet or wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a closet or wardrobe.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory that is used for special occasions or specific events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is an accessory often used for special occasions or specific events.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry, like a necklace or bracelet?	Oracle said: The object is not a necklace or bracelet, but it is considered a type of men's accessory that can be associated with jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of cufflinks?	Oracle said: Correct.
pamphlet,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for informational purposes, which might include entertainment or leisure activities, depending on the content.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for reading or writing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for reading.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of book or printed material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of printed material.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a magazine.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a newspaper.	Guesser said: Is the object a novel or a work of fiction?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a novel or a work of fiction.	Guesser said: Is the object a non-fiction book or reference material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of reference material.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dictionary.	Guesser said: Is the object an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an encyclopedia.	Guesser said: Is the object an atlas?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an atlas.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookbook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cookbook.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual or guide?	Oracle said: The object is similar to a manual or guide, but it is not exactly either of those.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a catalog.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a textbook.	Guesser said: Is the object a thesaurus?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a thesaurus.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal or periodical?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a journal or periodical.	Guesser said: Is the object a map or a collection of maps?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a map or a collection of maps.	Guesser said: Is the object an almanac?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an almanac.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure or pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically found in a bedroom or a private area.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for comfort and relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you sit or lie on?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something you sit or lie on.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to music or audio?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for listening to music or audio.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual entertainment, such as watching something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for visual entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or connecting with others?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication or connecting with others.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or self-care?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for self-care.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for adjusting the temperature or air quality in a room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for adjusting the temperature or air quality in a room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for enhancing the ambiance or atmosphere of a room, such as lighting or scent?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for enhancing the ambiance or atmosphere of a room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for physical health or fitness purposes?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for physical health or fitness purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for cleaning or maintaining personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintaining personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming, such as styling hair or skincare?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming, styling hair, or skincare.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation or stress relief, such as a massage device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for relaxation and stress relief.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of massage chair or massage cushion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of massage chair or massage cushion.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device, such as a massager or a massage gun?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld device similar to a massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric massager?	Oracle said: It is similar in function, but not exactly a handheld electric massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld scalp massager or a facial massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld scalp massager or a facial massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld foot massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld foot massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld back or neck massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld back or neck massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device used for muscle relaxation, like a percussion massager or a massage wand?	Oracle said: The object is handheld and can be used for relaxation, but it is not specifically designed as a percussion massager or a massage wand.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld heat therapy device, like a heating pad or heat massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld heat therapy device.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration or another mechanism for relaxation, but not specifically a massager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld device that uses vibration, but it is not specifically designed as a massager for relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric toothbrush that uses vibration for cleaning teeth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld electric toothbrush.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for skincare, like a facial cleansing brush?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a facial cleansing brush.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for relaxation or stress relief, but is not a traditional massager, such as a fidget gadget or stress-relief toy?	Oracle said: The object is a handheld device that uses vibration, but it is not specifically a fidget gadget or stress-relief toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric razor or shaver that uses vibration for grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld electric razor or shaver.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for therapeutic purposes, such as a TENS unit or similar device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for therapeutic purposes like a TENS unit.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to beauty or personal care, but not directly for grooming or skincare?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to personal care, but not directly for grooming or skincare.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric facial roller or a similar device used for facial massage and relaxation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a handheld electric facial roller or a similar device used for facial massage and relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for oral care, like a water flosser or similar tool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for oral care.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to hair care, such as a hairbrush or scalp stimulator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to hair care.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for applying makeup or cosmetics, like a vibrating makeup applicator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vibrating makeup applicator.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to nail care, such as a nail buffer or polisher?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to nail care.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to body care, but not directly for grooming, skincare, or hair care?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to body care, but not directly for grooming, skincare, or hair care.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for muscle toning or firming, such as a body sculpting tool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically for muscle toning or firming.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for a specific purpose related to foot care, such as a foot scrubber or callus remover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically related to foot care.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device that uses vibration for personal pleasure or intimate use, such as a personal massager or vibrator?	Oracle said: Correct.