windmill,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is generally larger than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation or man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or does it have the ability to move?	Oracle said: The object is stationary, but it has parts that can move.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or infrastructure purposes?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for infrastructure purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal, concrete, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a combination of materials, including metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to energy or utilities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has a specific function related to energy.	Guesser said: Is the object used for generating, storing, or distributing energy?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for generating energy.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wind turbine.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to generate energy from water.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from the sun?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to generate energy from the sun.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from fossil fuels?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to generate energy from fossil fuels.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from nuclear sources?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to generate energy from nuclear sources.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from geothermal sources?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to generate energy from geothermal sources.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from biomass or organic materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to generate energy from biomass or organic materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate energy from mechanical motion or pressure?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to generate energy from mechanical motion.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power plant or facility that harnesses energy from mechanical motion, such as a tidal energy generator?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of facility that harnesses energy from mechanical motion.	Guesser said: Is the object a tidal energy generator?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tidal energy generator.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kinetic energy generator, such as a wave energy converter?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of kinetic energy generator, but it is not a wave energy converter.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kinetic energy generator that harnesses energy from vehicular motion, such as a kinetic road plate?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a kinetic road plate.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kinetic energy generator that harnesses energy from foot traffic, such as kinetic floor tiles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of kinetic energy generator that harnesses energy from foot traffic.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kinetic energy generator that harnesses energy from rotational motion, such as a flywheel energy storage system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a flywheel energy storage system, but it does harness energy from rotational motion.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kinetic energy generator that harnesses energy from rotational motion in a specific environment, such as a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct.
grenade,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a person?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of measurement or data collection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measurement or data collection.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a garden or yard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a garden or yard.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of communication or signaling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or signaling.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of utility or service?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of utility or service.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not decorative in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or is it fixed in place?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of work or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of outdoor cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in outdoor cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of outdoor sports or physical activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in outdoor sports or physical activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of gardening or landscaping task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for gardening or landscaping tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of cleaning or maintenance task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of artistic or creative task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for artistic or creative tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of scientific or experimental task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for scientific or experimental tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor entertainment or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor maintenance or repair task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor maintenance or repair tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor survival or emergency task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor survival or emergency tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor construction or assembly task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor construction or assembly tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor measurement or surveying task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor measurement or surveying tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor lighting or illumination task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor protection or shelter task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor protection or shelter tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor farming or agricultural task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any type of outdoor farming or agricultural task.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor recreational or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor hunting or fishing task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor hunting or fishing tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor signaling or marking task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor signaling or marking tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor maintenance or care of vehicles or machinery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor maintenance or care of vehicles or machinery.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor waste management or disposal task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor waste management or disposal tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor pest control or management task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor pest control or management tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor cleaning or sanitation task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor cleaning or sanitation tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor personal care or grooming task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor personal care or grooming tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor marking or boundary setting task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor marking or boundary setting tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor event or gathering task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor events or gathering tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor storage or containment task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor storage or containment tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor tool or equipment task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any type of outdoor tool or equipment task.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor cleaning or sanitation task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor cleaning or sanitation tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor signaling or warning task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for outdoor signaling or warning tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor sports or game-related task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor sports or game-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor artistic or creative task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor artistic or creative tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor agricultural or farming task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any type of outdoor agricultural or farming task.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor maintenance or repair task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor maintenance or repair tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor decoration or ornamentation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor decoration or ornamentation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor protection or safety task?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for outdoor protection or safety tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of outdoor recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for outdoor recreational or leisure activities.
cannon,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery or equipment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of machinery or equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture or farming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in agriculture or farming.	Guesser said: Is the object used in industrial or manufacturing settings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in industrial or manufacturing settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used in public or outdoor spaces for maintenance or utility purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for maintenance or utility purposes in public or outdoor spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation in any way, such as infrastructure or support?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to transportation or its infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy production or distribution?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to energy production or distribution.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of scientific research or exploration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in scientific research or exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of communication or broadcasting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to communication or broadcasting.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any form of safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily associated with safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of entertainment or events?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in events, particularly historical reenactments or ceremonial occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weapon or armor used in historical reenactments or ceremonies?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of weapon used in historical reenactments or ceremonies.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
hearse,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of metal, among other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary, or can it move on its own?	Oracle said: The object can move, but it does not move on its own.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry multiple passengers?	Oracle said: No, the object is primarily designed to carry a single item or person.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bicycle.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has an engine.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a motorcycle.	Guesser said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object an all-terrain vehicle (ATV)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an all-terrain vehicle (ATV).	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying goods or cargo?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for carrying goods or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a go-kart.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a golf cart.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a professional or work setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in a professional setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a forklift?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a forklift.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or maintenance work?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in construction or maintenance work.	Guesser said: Is the object used in emergency services or law enforcement?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in emergency services or law enforcement.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture or farming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in agriculture or farming.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a medical or healthcare setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transportation or delivery industry?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used in the transportation industry.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a taxi.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tow truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery van?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a delivery van.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck or tractor unit?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a semi-truck or tractor unit.	Guesser said: Is the object a car used for ride-sharing services?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a car used for ride-sharing services.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a limousine.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bus.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw or pedicab?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rickshaw or pedicab.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mail truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct.
jet,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of a hand?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot fit in the palm of a hand.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a typical car?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a typical car.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a man-made structure?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a man-made structure.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation or travel.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of carrying multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is capable of carrying multiple people at once.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found on water.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on rails or tracks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found on rails or tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of flying?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is capable of flying.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of airplane.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial passenger airplane?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a commercial passenger airplane.	Guesser said: Is the object a military aircraft?	Oracle said: It can be, but not exclusively.	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a private jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo plane?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cargo plane.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a helicopter.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or sport purposes?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for recreational or sport purposes, but it can be used in such contexts.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a drone.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a glider.	Guesser said: Is the object an airship or blimp?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an airship or blimp.	Guesser said: Is the object a seaplane?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a seaplane.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a fighter jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rescue or emergency aircraft?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a type of rescue or emergency aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of agricultural aircraft, like a crop duster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of agricultural aircraft like a crop duster.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of business jet?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a type of business jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a light business jet, such as a Cessna Citation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a light business jet like a Cessna Citation.	Guesser said: Is the object a large business jet, such as a Gulfstream or Bombardier Global?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a large business jet like a Gulfstream or Bombardier Global, but it is a jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a supersonic jet, like the Concorde?	Oracle said: The object is a jet, but not specifically a supersonic jet like the Concorde.	Guesser said: Is the object a regional jet, typically used for short to medium-haul flights?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be a regional jet used for short to medium-haul flights.	Guesser said: Is the object an Embraer E-Jet or similar regional jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an Embraer E-Jet or a similar regional jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bombardier CRJ series jet?	Oracle said: No, it is not a Bombardier CRJ series jet.	Guesser said: Is the object an Airbus A220 or similar regional jet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an Airbus A220 or a regional jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 717 or similar regional jet?	Oracle said: The object is a type of jet, but not specifically a Boeing 717 or a regional jet.	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet used for charter services?	Oracle said: The object is a jet, but it is not specifically limited to private jets used for charter services.	Guesser said: Is the object a business jet that can also be used for regional airline services, like a Dassault Falcon?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a business jet like a Dassault Falcon.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing Business Jet (BBJ) or a similar type of jet that can be configured for both business and regional airline services?	Oracle said: The object is a type of jet, but it is not specifically a Boeing Business Jet (BBJ) or a similar type configured for business and regional airline services.	Guesser said: Is the object a Learjet, known for its versatility in both business and regional travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a Learjet.	Guesser said: Is the object a regional jet used by airlines for commuter flights, like a Mitsubishi SpaceJet?	Oracle said: Correct.
ammunition,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in a person's hand?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can fit in a person's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or slicing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cutting or slicing.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No, the object itself does not have moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing something?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for holding or containing something.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a specific profession or trade?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in professions related to law enforcement, military, and security.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for self-defense or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for self-defense or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handcuff or restraint device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of handcuff or restraint device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weapon or tool used to incapacitate a person?	Oracle said: The object is not a weapon itself, but it is used in conjunction with weapons.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a firearm, like a bullet or a cartridge?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a firearm.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: Not exactly, but it is related to a bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet casing or shell casing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bullet casing or shell casing.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet magazine or clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bullet magazine or clip.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet or cartridge extractor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bullet or cartridge extractor.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet or cartridge primer?	Oracle said: The object is related to those items, but it is broader in scope.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blank cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a tracer round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tracer round.	Guesser said: Is the object a hollow-point bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a hollow-point bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object an armor-piercing round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an armor-piercing round.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a rubber bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a full metal jacket (FMJ) bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a full metal jacket (FMJ) bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun shell?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shotgun shell.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of specialty ammunition, like a frangible bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of specialty ammunition like a frangible bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard lead bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a standard lead bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank round used for training or ceremonial purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a blank round used for training or ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dummy round or inert training round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a dummy round or inert training round.	Guesser said: Is the object a non-lethal bean bag round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a non-lethal bean bag round.	Guesser said: Is the object a match-grade or precision bullet used for target shooting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a match-grade or precision bullet used for target shooting.	Guesser said: Is the object a caseless ammunition round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a caseless ammunition round.	Guesser said: Is the object a incendiary round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an incendiary round.	Guesser said: Is the object a tracer bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tracer bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a wadcutter bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wadcutter bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a subsonic round?	Oracle said: The object can be a subsonic round, but it is not limited to that.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard ball ammunition round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a standard ball ammunition round.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of ammunition, such as a frangible or explosive round?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a specialized type of ammunition like a frangible or explosive round.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacketed hollow point (JHP) bullet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a jacketed hollow point (JHP) bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a lead-free or environmentally friendly bullet?	Oracle said: The object can be a lead-free or environmentally friendly bullet, as it falls under the category of ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose bullet, not limited to any specific type like hollow-point or armor-piercing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general-purpose bullet.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose cartridge?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a general-purpose cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard full metal jacket (FMJ) cartridge?	Oracle said: The object is a type of ammunition, but not specifically a standard full metal jacket (FMJ) cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose rifle cartridge?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a general-purpose rifle cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a .223 Remington cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a .223 Remington cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a 5.56x45mm NATO cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a 5.56x45mm NATO cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a 7.62x39mm cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a 7.62x39mm cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a 7.62x51mm NATO cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a 7.62x51mm NATO cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a .308 Winchester cartridge?	Oracle said: No, it is not a .308 Winchester cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a .30-06 Springfield cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a .30-06 Springfield cartridge.	Guesser said: Is the object a 9mm Parabellum cartridge?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a 9mm Parabellum cartridge.
truck,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of a hand?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot fit in the palm of a hand.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a standard refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a standard refrigerator.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation or man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of flying?	Oracle said: No, the object is not capable of flying.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel on water?	Oracle said: No, the object is not designed to travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is designed to travel on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle that typically carries multiple passengers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used to carry multiple passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods or cargo?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for transporting goods or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of truck, such as a semi-truck or a delivery truck?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No, it is not a semi-truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No, it is not specifically a delivery truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a dump truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a dump truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a garbage truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tow truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck?	Oracle said: No, it is not a box truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a flatbed truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tanker truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement mixer truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cement mixer truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fire truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pickup truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a refrigerated truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a logging truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a logging truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a monster truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a monster truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility truck, such as those used for maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a utility truck used for maintenance or repair work.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket truck, often used for reaching high places?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a bucket truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a service truck, like those used for roadside assistance or utility services?	Oracle said: The object can be a service truck, but it is not limited to that specific type.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane truck, used for lifting heavy items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a crane truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a maintenance truck, like those used for electrical or plumbing services?	Oracle said: The object is a type of truck, but it is not specifically a maintenance truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility van, often used for transporting tools and equipment for various services?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a utility van.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrecker truck, used for towing and recovery operations?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a wrecker truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a cherry picker truck, used for accessing high places for tasks like tree trimming or electrical work?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a cherry picker truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a road sweeper truck, used for cleaning streets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a road sweeper truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a snow plow truck, used for clearing snow from roads?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a snow plow truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility truck with a specific feature or equipment that sets it apart from other types of utility trucks?	Oracle said: The object is a general truck, not a specific type of utility truck with unique features or equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck with a lift gate, often used for moving and transporting goods?	Oracle said: It could be, but I am thinking of a more general type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a generic cargo truck, used for transporting various types of goods and materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck, which can be used for transporting a variety of goods and materials?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a flatbed truck, but it is a type of truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a general-purpose cargo truck, used for transporting a wide range of goods and materials without any specific modifications?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a general-purpose cargo truck used for transporting a wide range of goods and materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard cargo truck, commonly used for transporting goods on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a standard cargo truck commonly used for transporting goods on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard box truck, often used for transporting goods on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck used for transporting goods on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard box truck, often used for transporting goods on roads?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of truck, often used for transporting goods on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a lorry, which is a term used in some regions for a large motor vehicle designed to transport cargo?	Oracle said: Correct.
revolver,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in a household setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific type of indoor environment, such as an office, a store, or a workshop?	Oracle said: The object is not typically found in a specific type of indoor environment like an office, store, or workshop, but it can be found in various places depending on its use and context.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often associated with a particular activity or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often associated with a particular activity or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object generally large enough to require its own dedicated space, or is it small enough to be easily moved or carried?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be easily moved or carried.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a specific material, such as metal, plastic, or wood?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts or is it mostly static in its design?	Oracle said: The object has moving parts in its design.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular profession or hobby?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in certain professions, such as law enforcement or by enthusiasts in shooting sports.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firearm or gun accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of firearm.	Guesser said: Is the object a handgun, such as a pistol or revolver?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of handgun.	Guesser said: Is the object a pistol?	Oracle said: Yes, a revolver is a type of pistol.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a revolver?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in households?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in households.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a microwave?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a microwave.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal, plastic, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made primarily of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific task or function.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to technology and electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used in an office or workplace setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in an office or workplace setting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of phone or communication device?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of communication device.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a walkie-talkie.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk phone or landline phone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a desk phone or landline phone.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset or a pair of headphones with a microphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a headset or a pair of headphones with a microphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager or beeper?	Oracle said: Correct.
robot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or containment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or containment.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for specific functions or tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: The object can be used for entertainment or leisure activities, but that is not its primary purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can commonly be found in an office or workspace, especially in certain industries.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for processing or manipulating data?	Oracle said: The object can be used for processing data, but its primary function is not solely for data manipulation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating or producing physical items?	Oracle said: The object can be used in processes that involve creating or producing physical items, but it is not limited to that function.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery or equipment used in manufacturing or production?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in manufacturing or production.	Guesser said: Is the object a 3D printer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a 3D printer.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to operate.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cutting or shaping materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for assembling or joining components?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for assembling or joining components.	Guesser said: Is the object a robotic arm?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a robotic arm.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying coatings or finishes to materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for applying coatings or finishes to materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for testing or inspecting products?	Oracle said: Yes, a robot can be used for testing or inspecting products.	Guesser said: Is the object a coordinate measuring machine (CMM)?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a coordinate measuring machine (CMM).	Guesser said: Is the object used for quality control or assurance in manufacturing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for quality control or assurance in manufacturing.	Guesser said: Is the object an industrial X-ray machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an industrial X-ray machine.	Guesser said: Is the object used for testing electrical or electronic components?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically used for testing electrical or electronic components.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring physical dimensions or properties of materials?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measuring physical dimensions or properties of materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for detecting defects or irregularities in products?	Oracle said: The object can be used for detecting defects or irregularities in products, depending on its design and purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal detector used in manufacturing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a metal detector used in manufacturing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for non-destructive testing (NDT) in manufacturing?	Oracle said: The object can be used for non-destructive testing in manufacturing, but it is not limited to that function.	Guesser said: Is the object an ultrasonic testing machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an ultrasonic testing machine.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual inspection or imaging?	Oracle said: The object can be used for visual inspection or imaging, depending on its design and purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object an industrial endoscope or borescope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an industrial endoscope or borescope.	Guesser said: Is the object a vision inspection system or machine vision system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vision inspection system or machine vision system.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scanning or capturing images of products?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for scanning or capturing images of products.	Guesser said: Is the object used for detecting leaks or changes in pressure?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for detecting leaks or changes in pressure.	Guesser said: Is the object used for environmental testing or monitoring within a manufacturing setting?	Oracle said: The object can be used for environmental testing or monitoring within a manufacturing setting, depending on its design and purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object an air quality monitor or environmental sensor system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an air quality monitor or environmental sensor system.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring temperature or humidity in a manufacturing environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for monitoring temperature or humidity in a manufacturing environment.	Guesser said: Is the object used for testing the structural integrity of materials or products?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for testing the structural integrity of materials or products.	Guesser said: Is the object used for detecting or analyzing chemical compositions or substances?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for detecting or analyzing chemical compositions or substances.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining equipment in a manufacturing setting?	Oracle said: The object can be used for maintaining equipment in a manufacturing setting, but its functions are not limited to that.	Guesser said: Is the object a calibration tool or device used in manufacturing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a calibration tool or device used in manufacturing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lubrication or applying substances to machinery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for lubrication or applying substances to machinery.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting or moving items within a manufacturing environment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for transporting or moving items within a manufacturing environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor belt system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a conveyor belt system.	Guesser said: Is the object a forklift or industrial truck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a forklift or industrial truck.	Guesser said: Is the object an automated guided vehicle (AGV) or autonomous mobile robot (AMR)?	Oracle said: The object is more general and can encompass both AGVs and AMRs.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of industrial robot used for material handling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically an industrial robot used for material handling.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of conveyor system that includes various forms of automated transport, such as overhead conveyors or roller conveyors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of conveyor system.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane or hoist system used for lifting and moving heavy items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a crane or hoist system.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet jack or similar manual transport device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pallet jack or similar manual transport device.
propeller,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: It can be, depending on the size of the propeller. Some propellers are larger than a breadbox, while others are smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used in transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly part of an aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller?	Oracle said: Correct.
shotgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object can be found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically stationary, or is it designed to be moved around?	Oracle said: The object is designed to be moved around.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating or lying down?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for seating or lying down.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific activity or task.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or building-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in construction or building-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in sports or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water-based activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in water-based activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in outdoor sports or recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in outdoor sports or recreational activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve flying or aerial movement?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in activities involving flying or aerial movement.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve hitting or striking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for hitting or striking.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve rolling or sliding?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities that involve rolling or sliding.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve balancing or stability?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in activities that involve balancing or stability.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve throwing or catching?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities that involve throwing or catching.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve climbing or ascending?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities that involve climbing or ascending.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve physical fitness or exercise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities that involve physical fitness or exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve navigation or orientation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities that involve navigation or orientation.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve observation or viewing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for activities that involve observation or viewing.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve creating or crafting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities that involve creating or crafting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve playing a musical instrument or producing sound?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities involving playing a musical instrument or producing sound.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve transportation or moving people or goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities that involve transportation or moving people or goods.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities that involve cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities involving gardening or plant care.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve relaxation or leisure?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities that involve relaxation or leisure.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve safety or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities that involve safety or protection.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body or used as a barrier for protection?	Oracle said: No, the object is not worn on the body or used as a barrier for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve emergency response or rescue?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in activities that involve emergency response or rescue.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve personal protective equipment or gear?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in activities that involve personal protective equipment or gear.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities that involve protective headgear or helmets?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in activities where protective headgear or helmets are recommended, such as hunting or shooting sports.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun rack or gun cabinet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a gun rack or gun cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize firearms during use?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to support or stabilize firearms during use.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or transport firearms or related equipment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to carry or transport firearms or related equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or organize ammunition or related accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to store or organize ammunition or related accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance visibility or sight during shooting activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to enhance visibility or sight during shooting activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ear protection during shooting activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for ear protection during shooting activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eye protection during shooting activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for eye protection during shooting activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for target practice or marking during shooting activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for target practice during shooting activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a shooting target stand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shooting target stand.	Guesser said: Is the object a shooting target?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shooting target.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or secure shooting targets in place?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to hold or secure shooting targets in place.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or indicate distance during shooting activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to measure or indicate distance during shooting activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or simulate shooting scenarios or environments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in shooting scenarios.	Guesser said: Is the object a shooting range booth or shooting range partition?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shooting range booth or shooting range partition.	Guesser said: Is the object a shooting range backstop or bullet trap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shooting range backstop or bullet trap.	Guesser said: Is the object a shooting range prop or obstacle used in tactical training scenarios?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shooting range prop or obstacle used in tactical training scenarios.	Guesser said: Is the object a shooting bench or shooting table?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a shooting bench or shooting table.	Guesser said: Is the object a clay pigeon thrower or trap machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a clay pigeon thrower or trap machine.
album,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of your hand?	Oracle said: Yes, an album can fit in the palm of your hand, especially if it's a CD or a small vinyl record.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not made primarily of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of paper or cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically read or looked at?	Oracle said: The object is typically looked at.	Guesser said: Does the object contain images or pictures?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can contain images or pictures.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often found in a collection or series?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often found in a collection or series.	Guesser said: Is the object a trading card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a trading card.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small book or booklet, like a comic book or a magazine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a small book or booklet like a comic book or a magazine.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used in games or puzzles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in games or puzzles.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often displayed or shown to others?	Oracle said: Yes, an album is often displayed or shown to others, especially when sharing music or memories.	Guesser said: Is the object a photo album?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a photo album.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music or sound?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to music.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD album cover or booklet?	Oracle said: The object is an album, which can include a CD album cover or booklet as part of it.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record sleeve or cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record sleeve or cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet music booklet or cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sheet music booklet or cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape cover or inlay card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cassette tape cover or inlay card.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD jewel case insert?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a CD jewel case insert.	Guesser said: Is the object a concert ticket or pass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a concert ticket or pass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lyric booklet that comes with a CD or album?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a lyric booklet.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album cover art print or poster?	Oracle said: The object is a music album, not specifically its cover art print or poster.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD itself, as part of a music album?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a CD itself, but it is related to music.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record itself, as part of a music album?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a vinyl record itself, but it is related to music.	Guesser said: Is the object a box set or collection of music albums?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a box set or collection of music albums.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album in the form of a digital download card or code?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a music album in the form of a digital download card or code.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper or cardboard promotional item related to a music album, like a flyer or poster?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paper or cardboard promotional item related to a music album.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album in the form of a booklet or pamphlet that contains information about the album, such as liner notes or credits?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a booklet or pamphlet containing information about the album.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper sleeve or envelope that holds a CD or vinyl record as part of a music album?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be a part of that, but the object I'm thinking of is the entire collection, not just the sleeve or envelope.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper or cardboard music album cover that includes the artwork and holds the physical media, like a CD or vinyl record?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not a cover or packaging for a physical media.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album in the form of a booklet or pamphlet that contains the album's lyrics and artwork, typically included with a physical album?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a booklet or pamphlet containing lyrics and artwork.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper or cardboard representation of a music album, such as a miniature replica or a collectible item?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paper or cardboard representation of a music album.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper or cardboard sleeve that holds a vinyl record, which is part of a music album package?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a paper or cardboard sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album in the form of a booklet or pamphlet that contains album art and additional content, typically found in a special edition or deluxe version?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a music album in the form of a booklet or pamphlet.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album in the form of a paper or cardboard record sleeve that holds a vinyl record, which is part of a music album package?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a music album, specifically in the form of a record sleeve that holds a vinyl record.	Guesser said: Is the object a gatefold vinyl record sleeve, which is a type of album cover that opens like a book and can hold multiple records?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a gatefold vinyl record sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard single-pocket vinyl record sleeve that holds a single vinyl record?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a standard single-pocket vinyl record sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture disc sleeve, which is a type of vinyl record sleeve designed to hold a picture disc vinyl record?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a picture disc sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard inner sleeve that directly holds and protects the vinyl record within the outer album cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cardboard inner sleeve.	Guesser said: Is the object a box or case that holds a vinyl record and its sleeve, forming part of a special edition or deluxe music album package?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a box or case that holds a vinyl record.	Guesser said: Is the object a record album cover that includes the artwork and serves as the primary packaging for a vinyl record?	Oracle said: The object is not specifically a record album cover, but it is related to albums in general.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album in the form of a cardboard digipak, which is a type of packaging for CDs that includes a plastic tray glued inside a folding cardboard cover?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a music album, and it can be in the form of a cardboard digipak.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard digipak used for packaging a CD music album, including the artwork and any additional content?	Oracle said: Correct.
piano,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in households, especially those with a musical interest.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce sound or music?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to produce sound or music.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is not small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has strings.	Guesser said: Is the object played with a bow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not played with a bow.	Guesser said: Is the object played by plucking or strumming the strings?	Oracle said: No, the object is not played by plucking or strumming the strings.	Guesser said: Is the object played by pressing keys?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is played by pressing keys.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: Correct.
hotplate,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of my hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is generally larger than what can fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for heating food.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microwave oven.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a microwave oven.	Guesser said: Is the object used for toasting or baking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for toasting or baking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for boiling or steaming food.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric kettle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking rice?	Oracle said: It can be used for cooking rice, but it is not specifically designed for that purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-cooker or an electric pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a multi-cooker or an electric pressure cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a slow cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object used for steaming a variety of foods?	Oracle said: The object can be used to heat food, but it is not specifically designed for steaming.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric hot plate or a portable electric stove?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is an electric hot plate.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for your help.	Oracle said: You're welcome! Feel free to ask any questions to guess the object I'm thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of my hand?	Oracle said: No, the object is generally larger than what can fit in the palm of your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in an office setting.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for blending or mixing ingredients?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for blending or mixing ingredients.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for heating food.	Guesser said: Is the object used for baking or toasting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for baking or toasting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling or steaming food?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for boiling or steaming food.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric steamer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric steamer.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric rice cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric rice cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an electric kettle.	Guesser said: Is the object a countertop induction cooktop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a countertop induction cooktop.	Guesser said: Is the object a deep fryer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a deep fryer.	Guesser said: Is the object a sous vide machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sous vide machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pressure cooker.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: Correct.
battleship,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat or a ship?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of ship.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cargo ship.	Guesser said: Is the object used for leisure or recreation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for leisure or recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for military purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an aircraft carrier.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a submarine.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.
boxcar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural feature or man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or does it have moving parts?	Oracle said: The object has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land, water, or in the air?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on land.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods, people, or both?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of truck or lorry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of truck or lorry.	Guesser said: Does the object run on tracks or wheels?	Oracle said: The object runs on tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of train or locomotive?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a train.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a freight train?	Oracle said: The object is not a freight train, but it is related to one.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car or wagon used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of train car used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxcar?	Oracle said: Correct.
pedometer,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object can be found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically larger than a person?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal, plastic, or wood?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in daily life?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used in daily life.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: The object can be electronic, but it does not necessarily require electricity to function. Some versions may be mechanical.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or mobility?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or mobility.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for communication or entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or for food-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the kitchen or for food-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of construction or assembly tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or assembly tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measurement.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically handheld.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of measuring tape or ruler?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of measuring tape or ruler.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure weight or mass?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to measure weight or mass.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure temperature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to measure temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to measure time.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure distance or length?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to measure distance.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of caliper or micrometer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of caliper or micrometer.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure distances outdoors, such as a rangefinder or a laser distance measurer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to measure distances outdoors like a rangefinder or a laser distance measurer.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or physical activities to measure distance, such as a pedometer or a measuring wheel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in sports or physical activities to measure distance.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferryboat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can fit in the palm of a hand?	Oracle said: No, the object cannot fit in the palm of a hand.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a standard refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is larger than a standard refrigerator.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made primarily of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for air travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for air travel.	Guesser said: Is the object used for water travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for water travel.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No, the object is primarily used for transporting people.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.
hardware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object something typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or study area?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in an office or study area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a telephone.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending or receiving digital messages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for sending or receiving digital messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer or laptop?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a computer or laptop.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet or a smartphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is neither a tablet nor a smartphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fax machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a modem or a router?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a modem or a router.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a printer.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline answering machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a landline answering machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset or headphones?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a headset or headphones.	Guesser said: Is the object a webcam?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a webcam.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless keyboard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wireless keyboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a microphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a network switch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a network switch.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart speaker or voice assistant device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a smart speaker or voice assistant device.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a scanner.	Guesser said: Is the object a USB hub?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a USB hub.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital voice recorder?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a digital voice recorder.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital clock or alarm clock?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a digital clock or alarm clock.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless access point?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wireless access point.	Guesser said: Is the object a surge protector or power strip with communication capabilities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a surge protector or power strip with communication capabilities.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bluetooth adapter or dongle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a Bluetooth adapter or dongle.	Guesser said: Is the object a network adapter or network card?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a network adapter or network card.	Guesser said: Is the object a teleconferencing device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a teleconferencing device.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a pager.	Guesser said: Is the object a VoIP phone or device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a VoIP phone or device.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart display?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a smart display.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable modem?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a cable modem.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital photo frame?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a digital photo frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie or two-way radio?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a walkie-talkie or two-way radio.	Guesser said: Is the object a network hub?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a network hub.	Guesser said: Is the object a docking station?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a docking station.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite phone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a satellite phone.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless range extender?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wireless range extender.	Guesser said: Is the object a KVM switch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a KVM switch.	Guesser said: Is the object a telegraph or Morse code device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a telegraph or Morse code device.	Guesser said: Is the object a speakerphone?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a speakerphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a communication server or PBX system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a communication server or PBX system.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless mouse?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a wireless mouse.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart pen or digital stylus?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a smart pen or digital stylus.	Guesser said: Is the object a signal booster or repeater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a signal booster or repeater.	Guesser said: Is the object a answering machine?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an answering machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a intercom system?	Oracle said: No, the object is not an intercom system.