bandanna,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house. It can be found in various rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to food or dining?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in relation to food or dining.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or office-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for writing or office-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material, such as glass, wood, or metal?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often hung or draped?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that can often be hung or draped.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover windows or provide privacy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to cover windows or provide privacy.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in bedrooms or living rooms for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in bedrooms or living rooms for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in ceremonies or special occasions?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in ceremonies or special occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance the appearance of furniture or other items in a room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to enhance the appearance of furniture or other items in a room.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a particular season or holiday?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically associated with a particular season or holiday.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in bathrooms?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in bathrooms.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a floor covering or rug?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used as a floor covering or rug.	Guesser said: Is the object often used as a wall decoration or tapestry?	Oracle said: No, the object is not often used as a wall decoration or tapestry.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of textile art or craft, such as a quilt or a piece of embroidery?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of textile art or craft, such as a quilt or a piece of embroidery.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a practical way, such as providing warmth or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to provide warmth or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a religious or spiritual context?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a religious or spiritual context.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a recreational or outdoor setting?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in a recreational or outdoor setting.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a type of shelter or shade, such as a tent or a canopy?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used as a type of shelter or shade, such as a tent or a canopy.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to sports or physical exercise?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities related to sports or physical exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to relaxation or lounging, such as a hammock or beach towel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in activities related to relaxation or lounging, such as a hammock or beach towel.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening or outdoor decoration?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in gardening or outdoor decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any water-related activities, such as swimming or boating?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any water-related activities, such as swimming or boating.	Guesser said: Is the object used in camping or hiking activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in camping or hiking activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying or transporting items during camping or hiking, such as a backpack or a bag?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for carrying or transporting items during camping or hiking, such as a backpack or a bag.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting during camping or hiking, such as a sleeping bag or a groundsheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sleeping or resting during camping or hiking, such as a sleeping bag or a groundsheet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection or safety during camping or hiking, such as a rain poncho or a tarp?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for protection or safety during camping or hiking, such as a rain poncho or a tarp.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation during camping or hiking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food preparation during camping or hiking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or orientation during camping or hiking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for navigation or orientation during camping or hiking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or as a seating accessory during camping or hiking, such as a camp chair or a cushion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sitting or as a seating accessory during camping or hiking, such as a camp chair or a cushion.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination during camping or hiking, such as a lantern or a flashlight?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for lighting or illumination during camping or hiking, such as a lantern or a flashlight.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling or communication during camping or hiking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for signaling or communication during camping or hiking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for insect protection or repellent during camping or hiking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for insect protection or repellent during camping or hiking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure during camping or hiking, such as a kite or a frisbee?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure during camping or hiking, such as a kite or a frisbee.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fire-related activities during camping or hiking, such as a fire starter or a firewood carrier?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for fire-related activities during camping or hiking, such as a fire starter or a firewood carrier.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hydration or water-related activities during camping or hiking, such as a water bottle or a hydration pack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for hydration or water-related activities during camping or hiking, such as a water bottle or a hydration pack.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene during camping or hiking, such as a towel or a washcloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene during camping or hiking, such as a towel or a washcloth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth or insulation during camping or hiking, such as a blanket or a thermal liner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for warmth or insulation during camping or hiking, such as a blanket or a thermal liner.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of marking or identification during camping or hiking, such as a flag or a marker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for marking or identification during camping or hiking, such as a flag or a marker.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing comfort or cushioning during camping or hiking, such as a sleeping pad or a pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for providing comfort or cushioning during camping or hiking, such as a sleeping pad or a pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of weather protection during camping or hiking, such as a windbreaker or a sunshade?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for weather protection during camping or hiking, such as a windbreaker or a sunshade.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of safety or emergency purposes during camping or hiking, such as a first aid kit or a whistle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or emergency purposes during camping or hiking, such as a first aid kit or a whistle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of cooking or food-related activities during camping or hiking, such as a picnic blanket or a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cooking or food-related activities during camping or hiking, such as a picnic blanket or a tablecloth.
filter,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can commonly be found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for cleaning or maintenance tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cleaning floors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes or kitchen surfaces?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning dishes or kitchen surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning appliances or fixtures in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning appliances or fixtures in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the air or atmosphere in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning or maintaining the air or atmosphere in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object an air purifier or air filter?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms or areas of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not most commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is most commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for providing light or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for providing light or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on the wall?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically hung on the wall.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a piece of furniture, like a table or dresser?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically placed on a piece of furniture like a table or dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically placed on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on or around the bed?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically placed on or around the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bedding, like a decorative pillow or throw blanket?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of bedding.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a throw blanket.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread or comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread or comforter.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy or bed curtain?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy or bed curtain.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt or dust ruffle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed skirt or dust ruffle.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed runner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed runner.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sheet, like a fitted sheet or flat sheet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sheet like a fitted sheet or flat sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a duvet cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative quilt?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative quilt.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard or a decorative element attached to the bed frame?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a headboard or a decorative element attached to the bed frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed valance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed valance.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolster or decorative bed roll?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bolster or decorative bed roll.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed canopy or mosquito net?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed canopy or mosquito net.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper or pad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mattress topper or pad.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed scarf?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread or coverlet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread or coverlet.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed crown or bed cornice?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed crown or bed cornice.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed wedge or cushion?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed wedge or cushion.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed curtain or drape that hangs from a canopy or four-poster bed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed curtain or drape that hangs from a canopy or four-poster bed.	Guesser said: I apologize for the confusion. Could you please clarify if the object is a specific type of bedding accessory or decoration that I might have overlooked?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric used for decoration, often associated with bedding or other decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed runner?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed runner.	Guesser said: Is the object a valance or a type of decorative fabric used around the bed area?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a valance or a type of decorative fabric used around the bed area.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry or wall hanging that might be used in a bedroom setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tapestry or wall hanging.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy or mosquito net that drapes over the bed for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy or mosquito net.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bed scarf or runner placed at the foot of the bed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative bed scarf or runner placed at the foot of the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative curtain or drape that might be used to accent a window or area near the bed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative curtain or drape used to accent a window or area near the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy or mosquito net that drapes over the bed for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy or mosquito net.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw or blanket used on the bed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative throw or blanket used on the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed runner or a decorative fabric used at the foot of the bed?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed runner or a decorative fabric used at the foot of the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy or mosquito net that drapes over the bed for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy or mosquito net.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative sham or pillow cover?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative sham or pillow cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread or coverlet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bedspread or coverlet.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative quilt or comforter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a decorative quilt or comforter.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed canopy or mosquito net that drapes over the bed for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a bed canopy or mosquito net.
flask,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for cooking or food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or beverages?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep beverages cold?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep beverages cold, but it is not its primary function.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used to serve beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to hold multiple beverages at once?	Oracle said: No, the object is typically used to hold a single beverage at a time.	Guesser said: Is the object portable and easy to carry around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and easy to carry around.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic or metal?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often made primarily of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable water bottle or thermos?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in relation to food or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for work or productivity purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of fabric or textile materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing clothing or textiles.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing documents or papers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing documents or papers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing toys or children's items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing toys or children's items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing miscellaneous household items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing miscellaneous household items.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing decorative items or accessories?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box or organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a jewelry box or organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing fashion accessories like scarves or hats?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing fashion accessories like scarves or hats.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to sewing or crafting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing items related to sewing or crafting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing electronic accessories or gadgets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing electronic accessories or gadgets.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to home decor, such as cushions or throws?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storing items related to home decor, such as cushions or throws.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items related to travel, such as bags or luggage?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for storing items related to travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase cover or travel organizer made of fabric?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a suitcase cover or travel organizer made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag used for storing clothes during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a garment bag used for storing clothes during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel pillow with a storage compartment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a travel pillow with a storage compartment.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel pouch or packing cube used for organizing items in luggage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel pouch or packing cube used for organizing items in luggage.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric shoe bag used for storing shoes during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric shoe bag used for storing shoes during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel laundry bag used for storing dirty clothes during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a travel laundry bag used for storing dirty clothes during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a toiletry bag or cosmetic bag used for storing personal care items during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a toiletry bag or cosmetic bag used for storing personal care items during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric passport holder or travel document organizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric passport holder or travel document organizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel neck wallet or money belt made of fabric for storing valuables during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a travel neck wallet or money belt made of fabric for storing valuables during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel blanket with a storage pouch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a travel blanket with a storage pouch.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric luggage tag used for identifying bags during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric luggage tag used for identifying bags during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel bag used for storing shoes during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel bag used for storing shoes during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric bag used for storing travel accessories like chargers or cables?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric bag used for storing travel accessories like chargers or cables.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel organizer used for storing toiletries or small items in a suitcase?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel organizer used for storing toiletries or small items in a suitcase.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel laundry bag used for storing dirty clothes during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel laundry bag used for storing dirty clothes during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel bag used for storing travel-related accessories like sleep masks or earplugs?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel bag used for storing travel-related accessories like sleep masks or earplugs.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel pillowcase used for storing a travel pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel pillowcase used for storing a travel pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel shoe bag used for keeping shoes separate in luggage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel shoe bag used for keeping shoes separate in luggage.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel compression bag used for compressing clothes in luggage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel compression bag used for compressing clothes in luggage.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel duffel bag used for carrying items during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel duffel bag used for carrying items during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel laundry bag used for storing dirty clothes during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel laundry bag used for storing dirty clothes during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel jewelry roll or organizer used for storing jewelry during travel?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel jewelry roll or organizer used for storing jewelry during travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel shoe bag used for storing shoes separately in luggage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel shoe bag used for storing shoes separately in luggage.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel pouch used for storing travel documents or tickets?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel pouch used for storing travel documents or tickets.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric travel pillow cover used for protecting a travel pillow?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a fabric travel pillow cover used for protecting a travel pillow.
sweatshirt,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house; it can be found in various rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to food or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for work or productivity purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or safety?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or safety.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: No, the object is not decorative in nature.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temperature control or regulation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for temperature control or regulation, in a personal sense.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or easily moved from one place to another?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and easily moved from one place to another.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity or batteries?	Oracle said: No, the object is not powered by electricity or batteries.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric or similar materials?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of fabric or similar materials.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used during cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used during cold weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory, such as a scarf or gloves?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of clothing accessory like a scarf or gloves.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing, such as a sweater or jacket?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of clothing, similar to a sweater or jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a coat.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a sweater.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a natural object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in urban areas.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by individuals rather than groups?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used by individuals rather than groups.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the object a two-wheeled vehicle?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a two-wheeled vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a four-wheeled vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a four-wheeled vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for commuting to work or school?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for commuting to work or school.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for recreational or entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used alone or with others?	Oracle said: The object can be used both alone and with others.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a physical activity or sport?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in a physical activity or sport.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific hobby or pastime?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a specific hobby or pastime.	Guesser said: Is the object related to arts and crafts?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to arts and crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a board game or card game?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to a board game or card game.	Guesser said: Is the object related to reading or writing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to reading or writing.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music or musical instruments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to music or musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument itself?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a musical instrument itself.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument small enough to be held in one hand while playing?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not small enough to be held in one hand while playing.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument typically played by blowing air into it?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not typically played by blowing air into it.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument typically played by striking or hitting it?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not typically played by striking or hitting it.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument typically played by plucking or strumming strings?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is typically played by plucking strings.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a guitar?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a guitar.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a harp.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a cello?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a cello.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a double bass?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a double bass.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a ukulele?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a ukulele.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a banjo?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a banjo.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a mandolin?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a mandolin.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a bass guitar?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a bass guitar.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a sitar?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a sitar.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a lyre?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a lyre.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a zither?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a zither.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a lute?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a lute.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a dulcimer?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a dulcimer.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a bouzouki?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a bouzouki.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a balalaika?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a balalaika.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a harp guitar?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a harp guitar.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a koto?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a koto.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a viola?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a viola.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a bassoon?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a bassoon.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a sitar?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a sitar.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a violin?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a violin.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a piano.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not a harp.	Guesser said: I apologize for the repetition earlier. Let's try a different approach. Is the musical instrument part of a specific cultural or traditional music style?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is part of a specific cultural or traditional music style.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with Asian music traditions?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not associated with Asian music traditions.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with African music traditions?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not associated with African music traditions.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with European music traditions?	Oracle said: Yes, the musical instrument is associated with European music traditions.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with traditional Celtic music?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not associated with traditional Celtic music.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with traditional Spanish music?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not associated with traditional Spanish music.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with traditional Italian music?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not associated with traditional Italian music.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument associated with traditional Eastern European music?	Oracle said: No, the musical instrument is not associated with traditional Eastern European music.
flytrap,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a natural object.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant typically found in a specific climate or region?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is typically found in a specific climate or region.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in tropical regions?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in tropical regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in temperate regions?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is commonly found in temperate regions.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of tree?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of tree.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of shrub or bush?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of shrub or bush.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of grass or herbaceous plant?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is a type of herbaceous plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its flowers?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not primarily known for its flowers.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly used for culinary purposes?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly used for culinary purposes.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its medicinal properties?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not primarily known for its medicinal properties.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in grasslands or meadows?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not commonly found in grasslands or meadows.	Guesser said: Is the plant commonly found in wetlands or marshy areas?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is commonly found in wetlands or marshy areas.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its role in the ecosystem, such as providing habitat or stabilizing soil?	Oracle said: The plant is not primarily known for providing habitat or stabilizing soil, but it does play a unique role in the ecosystem.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its ability to filter or purify water?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not known for its ability to filter or purify water.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its ability to produce oxygen or improve air quality?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not specifically known for its ability to produce oxygen or improve air quality.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its unique reproductive or growth characteristics?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for its unique growth characteristics.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of aquatic plant, such as one that floats on water or grows submerged?	Oracle said: No, the plant is not a type of aquatic plant that floats on water or grows submerged.	Guesser said: Is the plant known for its ability to trap or consume insects?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is known for its ability to trap or consume insects.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of carnivorous plant, such as a Venus flytrap or pitcher plant?	Oracle said: Yes, the plant is a type of carnivorous plant.	Guesser said: Is the plant a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used for decoration or aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for decoration or aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically made of a specific material. It can be made from various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something that is typically hung on a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is placed on furniture, like a table or shelf?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is often placed on furniture, like a table or shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: The object can vary in size, but it is often not small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can hold or contain other items?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something that is designed to hold or contain other items.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can emit light or sound?	Oracle said: No, the object does not emit light or sound.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with a particular holiday or season?	Oracle said: No, the object is not often associated with a particular holiday or season.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a set or as a single item?	Oracle said: The object is typically found as a single item.	Guesser said: Is the object made of natural materials, like wood or stone?	Oracle said: The object can be made of natural materials like wood or stone, but it is not limited to these materials.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used outdoors as well as indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used outdoors as well as indoors, but it is more commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that has a practical use, even if it is primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have a practical use; it is primarily decorative.	Guesser said: Is the object often considered a piece of art or sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house; it can be found in various rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in food preparation or consumption.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity-related tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for work or productivity-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative or used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not decorative or used for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in relation to clothing or textiles.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of transportation or mobility?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or mobility.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any type of measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measurement or calculation.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of hobby or craft activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of hobby or craft activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of pet or animal care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of pet or animal care.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of outdoor activity or gardening?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of outdoor activity or gardening.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of spiritual or religious purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of spiritual or religious purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of scientific or educational purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any kind of scientific or educational purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of recreational or sports activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of recreational or sports activity.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of timekeeping or scheduling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of timekeeping or scheduling.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of heating or cooling.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of sensory experience, like smell or touch?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of sensory experience, like smell or touch.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of structural or construction purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of structural or construction purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of financial or monetary purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of financial or monetary purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of packaging or wrapping?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of packaging or wrapping.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of travel or luggage-related purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of travel or luggage-related purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of signaling or alerting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of signaling or alerting.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of maintenance or repair tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of maintenance or repair tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of relaxation or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of social or interactive purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of social or interactive purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of art or artistic creation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of art or artistic creation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of protection or preservation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of protection or preservation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of transportation or movement of objects?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of transportation or movement of objects.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of energy or power generation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of energy or power generation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of dining or serving?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of dining or serving.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of emergency or first aid purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of emergency or first aid purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of recreation or game?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of recreation or game.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of binding or fastening?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of binding or fastening.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of scientific or laboratory purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of scientific or laboratory purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of waste disposal or management?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of waste disposal or management.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of culinary or kitchen-related purpose?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of culinary or kitchen-related purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of personal grooming or beauty?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of personal grooming or beauty.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of navigation or direction?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for any kind of navigation or direction.
wallet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a specific material, such as wood, plastic, or metal?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of materials like leather or fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is portable or easily moved around?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is portable and easily moved around.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used on a daily basis.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or carried by a person?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is carried by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry personal items or belongings?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to carry personal items or belongings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag, such as a handbag or backpack?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of bag like a handbag or backpack.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry specific types of items, such as documents or money?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to carry specific types of items, such as money.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a practical function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used in personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object related to household maintenance or cleaning?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to household maintenance or cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the preparation or consumption of food or beverages?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in the preparation or consumption of food or beverages.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for storage or organization purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of communication or writing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of communication or writing.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to clothing or accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or leisure activities, even if not primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for recreational or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors as well as indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used both outdoors and indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of physical exercise or fitness activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of physical exercise or fitness activities.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any particular hobby or craft?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is associated with a particular hobby or craft.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of artistic activity, such as drawing, painting, or sculpting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of artistic activity such as drawing, painting, or sculpting.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in gardening or plant care.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of construction or building activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of construction or building activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any form of collecting or model-building hobby?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any form of collecting or model-building hobby.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any board games or puzzles?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any board games or puzzles.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of musical activity or instrument?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of musical activity or instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of sports or outdoor games?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of sports or outdoor games.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of cooking or kitchen activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of cooking or kitchen activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of reading or literature-related activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to any form of reading or literature-related activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any form of photography or videography?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to photography or videography.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of camera accessory, such as a tripod or lens?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of camera accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a tripod?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a tripod.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera lens?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera lens.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera bag or case?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera bag or case.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera strap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera strap.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera flash or lighting accessory?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera flash or lighting accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera filter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera filter.	Guesser said: Is the object a memory card or storage device for a camera?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a memory card or storage device for a camera.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera remote or shutter release?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera remote or shutter release.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera cleaning kit or tool?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera cleaning kit or tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera battery or battery charger?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera battery or battery charger.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera gimbal or stabilizer?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera gimbal or stabilizer.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera lens cap?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera lens cap.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera mount or bracket?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera mount or bracket.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera monopod?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera monopod.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera strap attachment or connector?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a camera strap attachment or connector.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera viewfinder or viewfinder accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to a camera viewfinder or viewfinder accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera viewfinder eyecup or eyepiece?	Oracle said: Correct.
wastebasket,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in specific rooms or areas of a house, such as kitchens, bathrooms, or offices.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in the kitchen, although it can be found there.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used in the bathroom, but it is not limited to that area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene or grooming?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal hygiene or grooming.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water or plumbing in any way?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to water or plumbing in any way.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for relaxation or comfort?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for relaxation or comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of maintenance or repair tasks?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for maintenance or repair tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of safety or security purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for safety or security purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication or information purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is consumed or used up over time?	Oracle said: No, the object itself is not consumed or used up over time.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any kind of grooming or personal care routine, even if it's not for hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in any kind of grooming or personal care routine.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for any kind of artistic or creative activity?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of measurement or timekeeping?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measurement or timekeeping.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a bathroom but serves a functional purpose unrelated to the activities we've discussed, such as lighting or ventilation?	Oracle said: No, the object does not serve purposes like lighting or ventilation.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a mirror.	Guesser said: Is the object used for waste disposal or related to waste management?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for waste disposal or related to waste management.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can or waste bin?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a natural object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No, the object is not larger than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for personal transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: No, the object does not have two wheels.	Guesser said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes, the object has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is powered by an internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for off-road activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for off-road activities.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry more than five passengers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not designed to carry more than five passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of car?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors, especially in certain environments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a residential setting. It is more commonly found in specialized environments.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a typical office environment. It is more likely to be found in technical or laboratory settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research or experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is often used for scientific research or experiments, particularly in fields related to electronics and engineering.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or testing electrical properties?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for measuring or testing electrical properties.	Guesser said: Is the object a multimeter?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a multimeter.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure voltage or current?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to measure voltage, among other things.	Guesser said: Is the object an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used in the shower or bathtub.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soap or body wash?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of soap or body wash.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scrubbing or exfoliating the skin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for scrubbing or exfoliating the skin.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing hair?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for washing hair.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying the body?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for drying the body.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or dispensing water?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for holding or dispensing water.	Guesser said: Is the object a showerhead?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a showerhead.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container or vessel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of container or vessel.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.
cufflink,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or task?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or task.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to cleaning or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in relation to food or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an office or work environment?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in an office or work environment.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to health or medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object related to home decor or aesthetics?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to home decor or aesthetics.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of construction or repair purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for construction or repair purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of leisure or relaxation activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for leisure or relaxation activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to safety or security.	Guesser said: Is the object related to education or learning?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to education or learning.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of artistic or creative activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening or plant care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to gardening or plant care.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for measurement or calculation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of transportation or mobility?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for transportation or mobility.	Guesser said: Is the object related to pets or animal care?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to pets or animal care.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to lighting or illumination.	Guesser said: Is the object related to textiles or fabric?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to textiles or fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn by people?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is worn by people.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory rather than a main article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of accessory rather than a main article of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for warmth or protection against the elements?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly used for warmth or protection against the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the hands.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn around the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the waist?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn around the waist.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the wrist.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the face?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the face.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the ears?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the ears.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the fingers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on the fingers.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso or upper body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically worn on the torso or upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry or decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of decorative item.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brooch or pin?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of brooch or pin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sash or decorative belt worn across the torso?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of sash or decorative belt worn across the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf or shawl?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of scarf or shawl.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of badge or emblem worn on clothing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of badge or emblem worn on clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative patch or applique used on clothing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative patch or applique used on clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative ribbon or bow worn on clothing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative ribbon or bow worn on clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative harness or strap worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative harness or strap worn on the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative corsage or flower worn on clothing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative corsage or flower worn on clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative garment clip or fastener worn on clothing?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of decorative garment clip or fastener worn on clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative suspenders or braces?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative suspenders or braces.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative clasp or clip, such as a sweater clip or cardigan clip?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of decorative clasp or clip, such as a sweater clip or cardigan clip.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative button cover or cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.
pamphlet,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically found in a specific room of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal care or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for storage or organization.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in relation to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used in relation to food or cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object used for office or work-related tasks?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for office or work-related tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or managing documents or papers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for organizing or managing documents or papers.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for communication purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for verbal communication?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for verbal communication.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for visual communication.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to display information, like a whiteboard or bulletin board?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used to display information like a whiteboard or bulletin board.	Guesser said: Is the object used to send or receive written messages or information?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used to send or receive written messages or information.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper or similar material?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically made of paper or similar material.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mailing or delivering messages, like an envelope?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for mailing or delivering messages like an envelope.	Guesser said: Is the object used for taking notes or recording information, like a notebook or notepad?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for taking notes or recording information like a notebook or notepad.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating copies or duplicates of written information, like carbon paper?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for creating copies or duplicates of written information like carbon paper.	Guesser said: Is the object used for labeling or tagging items, like a label or sticker?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for labeling or tagging items like a label or sticker.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending messages or information, like a postcard?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for sending messages or information like a postcard.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing information or instructions, like a form or questionnaire?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing information or instructions, but it is not exactly like a form or questionnaire.	Guesser said: Is the object something like a business card, used to provide contact information or professional details?	Oracle said: No, the object is not like a business card used to provide contact information or professional details.	Guesser said: Is the object used for providing detailed information or instructions, like a manual or guide?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for providing detailed information or instructions, but it is typically more concise than a manual or guide.	Guesser said: Is the object something like an instruction sheet or a pamphlet, used to provide concise information or instructions?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically found in a specific room or area of a house.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for storage.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for comfort or relaxation.	Guesser said: Is the object something you sit or lie on?	Oracle said: No, the object is not something you sit or lie on.	Guesser said: Is the object something you wear or use on your body?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something you use on your body.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep or nighttime routines?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically related to sleep or nighttime routines.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of audio device, such as speakers or headphones?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of audio device, such as speakers or headphones.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of visual device, such as a television or monitor?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of visual device, such as a television or monitor.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device or console?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of gaming device or console.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting or ambiance device?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a type of lighting or ambiance device.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of personal massager or relaxation device?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a type of personal massager or relaxation device.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld massager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric back massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric back massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric neck and shoulder massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric neck and shoulder massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric foot massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric foot massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric scalp massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric scalp massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric facial massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric facial massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric full-body massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric full-body massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric percussion massager?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically a handheld electric percussion massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric wand massager?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be considered a type of handheld electric wand massager.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric wand massager commonly used for muscle relaxation and stress relief?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is a handheld electric wand massager commonly used for muscle relaxation and stress relief, but it also has other uses.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld electric wand massager that is also commonly used for personal pleasure or intimate purposes?	Oracle said: Correct.