spacesuit,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific activity or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or travel?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that assists or supports a vehicle in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used by people during travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for personal comfort or convenience during travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to navigation or communication during travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety or security during travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn by a person for safety during travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a life jacket or life vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to air travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to land travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in space travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacesuit?
underwear,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for utility.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: Non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room of the house, such as the kitchen, bathroom, or bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly found in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage, comfort, or organization?	Oracle said: The object is used for comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you would typically lie on or under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would typically wear or use on your body?	Oracle said: Yes, it is something you would typically wear on your body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn while sleeping or relaxing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sleepwear, such as pajamas or a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to maintaining warmth, like a robe or slippers?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to maintaining warmth like a robe or slippers.	Guesser said: Is the object related to comfort in terms of support, such as a sleep mask or earplugs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort in terms of relaxation or stress relief, like a massage pillow or a stress ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to comfort in terms of enhancing the sleeping experience, like a sleep aid or a specific type of bedding accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn for personal hygiene or health purposes while in the bedroom, such as a retainer or a night guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn for comfort related to aesthetics or personal expression, like a sleep cap or a decorative accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to comfort in terms of posture or alignment, such as a neck pillow or a posture corrector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on a specific part of the body, such as the hands, feet, or head?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is worn on a specific part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear designed for comfort, such as leggings or lounge pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear designed for support or compression, like compression socks or stockings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear designed for modesty or coverage, such as sleep shorts or pajama bottoms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear designed for relaxation or ease of movement, like yoga pants or sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is more specialized or unique, perhaps for a specific function or purpose that isn't commonly associated with typical legwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is typically worn for a specific cultural or traditional purpose, such as a sarong or kilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is worn for comfort during sleep, such as sleep socks or leg warmers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is worn for a specific activity or condition, such as compression sleeves or braces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is worn for comfort or relaxation but is not typically associated with sleepwear, such as lounge shorts or casual shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is worn for comfort but is not typically categorized under common clothing types, such as leg wraps or bandages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is typically worn for comfort and support, such as knee pads or leg braces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is worn for comfort but serves a unique or niche purpose, such as leg cuffs or anklets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legwear that is worn for comfort but is often overlooked or not immediately obvious, such as undergarments or base layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment specifically designed for comfort, such as boxer briefs or comfortable underwear?
hinge,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology or electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for construction or building purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or piece of equipment used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a piece of equipment used in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld or operated by a person?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically handheld or operated by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery or vehicle used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component or material used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a structural component used in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for support or reinforcement in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for connecting or fastening other components in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener, such as a nail, screw, or bolt?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of fastener like a nail, screw, or bolt.	Guesser said: Is the object used to join larger structural elements, such as beams or panels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with concrete or masonry work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in electrical or plumbing installations within construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in roofing or siding applications in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in flooring or foundation applications in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in framing or structural assembly in construction?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in structural assembly in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracket or connector used in framing?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of connector used in framing.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect wood components in framing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect metal components in framing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect components made of a material other than wood or metal in framing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in truss construction or assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in wall framing or partition assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in ceiling or roof framing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the assembly of any specific type of structure or framework?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the assembly of scaffolding or temporary structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the assembly of a specific type of permanent structure, such as a bridge or tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the assembly of furniture or similar structures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracket or connector used in assembling furniture?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a type of connector used in assembling furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a cam lock or cam connector used in flat-pack furniture assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dowel used in furniture assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hinge used in furniture assembly?
barbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: It can be, especially in households with fitness enthusiasts.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercise or physical fitness activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for strength training or cardiovascular exercises?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for strength training.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can lift with one hand, like a dumbbell or kettlebell?	Oracle said: It depends on the weight of the object.	Guesser said: Is the object adjustable in terms of weight, like adjustable dumbbells or a barbell with weight plates?
asphalt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational purposes, practical purposes, or both?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for practical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle or a component of infrastructure?	Oracle said: It is a component of infrastructure.	Guesser said: Is the object related to roads, bridges, or another type of infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically related to roads, such as a road sign, traffic light, or pavement?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is specifically related to roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used for traffic control or road safety, like a traffic light or road sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the road itself, such as pavement, asphalt, or a road marking?
cloak,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found both indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used by people on a daily basis?	Oracle said: It can be, but not necessarily by everyone.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for leisure, work, or another activity?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for another activity.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care, maintenance, or health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication, transportation, or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cooking, cleaning, or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction, safety, or security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to education, art, or science?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports, fitness, or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to nature or the environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or device used for a specific task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture or decor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of clothing or accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head, hands, or feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body, such as the torso or arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for protection, fashion, or cultural reasons?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn for fashion and cultural reasons.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of traditional or cultural garment, such as a kimono or sari?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of traditional or cultural garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sari?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashiki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanbok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kaftan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cheongsam or qipao?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashiki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yukata?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dirndl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a djellaba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kurta?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashiki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barong tagalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lehenga?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashiki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a huipil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toga?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanfu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chapan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a burnous?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baju melayu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashiki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a salwar kameez?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kebaya?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono?
brochure,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: Non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage, decoration, or a specific function?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for a specific function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or another part of the house?	Oracle said: It is not typically used in the kitchen or another part of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: It can be used for leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or a form of physical exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of artistic or creative activity?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for artistic or creative activities.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly associated with writing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of writing instrument, like a pen or pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that holds or organizes writing materials, like a notebook or a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enhance or assist in the writing process, such as a ruler or eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display or present written work, like a frame or a clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the maintenance or preservation of written work, such as a book cover or a laminator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct or alter written work, like correction fluid or tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or reproduce written work, such as a typewriter or a printing press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or categorizing written work, like a file folder or an index card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with writing, such as a desk or a writing surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or preserve writing materials, like a pencil case or a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to enhancing or decorating written work, such as stickers or stamps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or hold written work, like a bookend or a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating visual art that incorporates writing, such as a calligraphy set or a stencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking or labeling written work, such as a highlighter or a label maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that facilitates the sharing or communication of written work, like an envelope or a mailing tube?	Oracle said: Yes, it facilitates the sharing or communication of written work.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper product, like a postcard or a greeting card?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of paper product.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a postcard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letterhead or stationery set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper used for sending messages, like a note card or a telegram form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of invitation card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper used for special occasions, like a certificate or an award?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper used for artistic or creative expression, such as an art print or a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper used for announcements or notices, like a flyer or a bulletin?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of paper used for announcements or notices.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulletin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?
armoire,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen or related to food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room or bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric or textile materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood or metal?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture, such as a dresser or nightstand?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe or armoire?
jacket,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in daily activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for leisure or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or office-related tasks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or apparel in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory, such as a hat or scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing, such as a shirt or blouse?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?
gauze,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication, transportation, or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it is primarily used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors or surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning clothes or laundry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes or kitchenware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning air or improving air quality?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for maintaining personal hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object used for oral hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skincare or bathing?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for skincare.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soap or cleanser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of moisturizer or lotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exfoliating the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaving or hair removal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying skincare products or aiding in skincare routines?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for aiding in skincare routines.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial cleansing brush or tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cotton pad or cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of face mask or sheet mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel or cloth used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of applicator or tool used for applying skincare products, such as a spatula or brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sponge or loofah used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare roller or massaging tool, like a jade roller or gua sha?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of steamer or device used to open pores in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mirror or magnifying tool used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mask or covering used in skincare routines, like a silicone mask or face shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device or tool used for extracting impurities or blackheads from the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headband or hair accessory used to keep hair away from the face during skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleansing wipe or towelette used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare product storage or organizer, like a skincare fridge or caddy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial sauna or steam inhaler used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare gadget or electronic device used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of face cloth or reusable pad used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare product or treatment, such as a serum or essence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare tool used for applying or removing products, like a spatula or scoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial hair trimmer or grooming tool used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial tissue or paper product used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare tool or accessory that provides a cooling or soothing effect, like a cooling eye mask or gel pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of LED light therapy device used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mask or cover that is used to protect the skin, such as a sleep mask or protective cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush or tool used for dry brushing or stimulating the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial or skincare tool that is used for applying or mixing skincare products, like a mixing bowl or palette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of humidifier or device that adds moisture to the air, indirectly aiding skincare by preventing dryness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare applicator or tool that involves suction or vacuum technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial hair removal tool, like tweezers or an epilator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skincare tool or accessory that is used for applying heat or warmth, like a heated pad or compress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of facial cleansing cloth or mitt used in skincare routines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mask or device used for facial treatments, like a peel-off mask or treatment mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or accessory used for organizing or storing skincare products, like a tray or holder?
dishtowel,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you're thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object I'm thinking of is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, work, or daily living activities?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for daily living activities.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room of the house, such as the kitchen, bathroom, or bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly found in a specific room of the house.	Guesser said: Which room is the object most commonly found in?	Oracle said: The object is most commonly found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking, food preparation, or food storage?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cutting, mixing, or measuring ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or containing food during preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or presenting food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or organizing during food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for cleaning during food preparation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing dishes or cleaning surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for cleaning surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cloth or sponge used for wiping surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning rag or microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scouring pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scrub brush or bristle brush used for cleaning surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea towel?
jumpsuit,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: Utility.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: Non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room of the house, such as the kitchen, bathroom, or bedroom?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly found in a specific room of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care, cleaning, or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other objects or tools?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in conjunction with other objects or tools.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any specific activity or task, such as cooking, writing, or repair?	Oracle said: The object can be related to specific activities or tasks, such as work or leisure.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: Portable.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal, plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made primarily of another material.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or paper?	Oracle said: The object is made primarily of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying or storing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort or support?	Oracle said: The object is used for comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on a specific part of the body, such as the head, hands, or feet?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically worn on a specific part of the body like the head, hands, or feet.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn as an outer layer of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweater or sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe or dressing gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poncho or shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blanket or wrap that is worn around the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf or stole?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of scarf or stole.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cape or cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kimono or traditional garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coverall or jumpsuit?
gargoyle,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or is it man-made?	Oracle said: It is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose? If so, what is its main function?	Oracle said: The object is primarily decorative and does not have a specific functional purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made from a specific material or a variety of materials? If specific, what material is it commonly made from?	Oracle said: The object is typically made from a specific material, which is stone.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in gardens or parks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of statue or sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically a garden gnome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically larger than a person?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with a particular culture or historical period?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with ancient Greek or Roman culture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with Asian cultures, such as Chinese or Japanese?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with European culture, perhaps from the medieval or Renaissance period?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gargoyle?
textbook,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a household setting.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific room or area of the house, such as the kitchen, bathroom, or living room?	Oracle said: No, the object is not specifically related to a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used for entertainment or leisure activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation or dining purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing, drawing, or any form of artistic creation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of safety or security purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for written communication, like a book or a letter?	Oracle said: Yes, it is something like a book.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of printed material, such as a magazine or newspaper?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of printed material.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure or pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reference material, like a dictionary or encyclopedia?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of reference material.	Guesser said: Is the object an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an atlas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thesaurus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an almanac?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual or guidebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone book or directory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?
mainsail,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or is it man-made?	Oracle said: It is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose? If so, what is that purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function. Its purpose is to harness wind power for propulsion.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near bodies of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of watercraft, such as a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a larger vehicle, such as a ship or a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail used on a ship or boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Great! Thank you for confirming. The object is a sail used on a ship or boat.
harpoon,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: It can be used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to outdoor activities.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for water-related activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn or used by a person during water activities?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used by a person during water activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety purposes during water activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific water sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object inflatable?	Oracle said: No, the object is not inflatable.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person holds or carries while in the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for floating or gliding on the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for diving or exploring underwater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist with breathing underwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help with vision underwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to propel oneself underwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect or interact with marine life or underwater objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a net used for catching marine life?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for capturing images or recording underwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for collecting items or samples from the ocean floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting or spearfishing underwater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speargun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Hawaiian sling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hand spear or harpoon?
sweater,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for utility.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room of the house, such as the kitchen, bathroom, or bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage, comfort, or organization?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you would typically find on or around a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you would typically sit or lie on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you wear or use on your body?	Oracle said: Yes, it is something that you wear on your body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during a specific time of day, such as during sleep or while getting ready for bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body, lower body, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as an undergarment or as outerwear?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as outerwear.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn for warmth or protection?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly worn for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweater or jacket?
tiara,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal, household, or professional purposes?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for personal purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used daily, occasionally, or rarely?	Oracle said: The object is typically used occasionally.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care, leisure, or another category?	Oracle said: The object is related to another category.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific room or area of the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not associated with a specific room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or hobby?	Oracle said: Yes, it is often used for a specific activity or occasion.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to cooking, cleaning, or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to sports, fitness, or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to arts, crafts, or creative projects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in activities related to celebrations, events, or special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decorating, serving, or another function during celebrations or special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for decorating or serving a function during celebrations or special occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used during specific holidays or types of celebrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used more for decorating or for serving a functional purpose during these celebrations?	Oracle said: The object is used more for decorating.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a particular holiday, such as Christmas, Halloween, or another specific holiday?	Oracle said: No, the object is not commonly associated with a particular holiday.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in celebrations like birthdays, weddings, or anniversaries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used as a centerpiece or as part of the overall decor in these celebrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to enhance the ambiance or atmosphere of the celebration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in the form of balloons, streamers, or banners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the form of lighting, such as candles or string lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of flowers, confetti, or table settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of scents, such as incense or potpourri?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of decorative fabrics or materials, such as ribbons or tulle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of decorative items like figurines or sculptures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of paper products, such as napkins or tablecloths?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of decorative tableware, such as plates or glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the form of something that can be worn, like party hats or masks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used as a party hat or a similar wearable item for celebrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a party hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mask used for celebrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wearable accessory, such as a lei or a crown, used for celebrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown or tiara used for celebrations?
mirror,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be commonly found in the living room.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lighting or illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: It can be.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes, it is typically hung on walls or placed on surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to display or hold photographs or artwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or indicate something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tell time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No, the object is not electronic and does not require electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a specific material, like wood, metal, or glass?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is made of a specific material.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric or textile material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vase or decorative glassware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain something, like a bowl or dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?
flagpole,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or signaling?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for communication or signaling.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly associated with safety or emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to convey information or messages visually?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign or billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in events or gatherings to convey information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in outdoor events or gatherings, such as festivals or fairs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner or flag used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of display or screen used at outdoor events to convey information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of loudspeaker or public address system used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is handheld or portable?	Oracle said: No, the object is not handheld or portable.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is set up temporarily at outdoor events to convey information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a permanent structure or fixture used at outdoor events to convey information?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be considered a permanent structure or fixture used at outdoor events to convey information.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage or platform used for speakers or performers to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower or structure used to display information, such as a scoreboard or clock tower, at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting or illumination, such as a light fixture or beacon, used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sound or audio system, such as a bell or chime, used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a seating arrangement or structure, such as bleachers or stands, used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clock or timekeeping device used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scoreboard or display board used to convey scores or results at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of map or directory used to convey location information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to flags or pennants used to convey information at outdoor events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole used to display flags or pennants at outdoor events?
train,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication, transportation, or entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation or public transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads, rails, or in the air?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on rails.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity, diesel, or another form of energy?	Oracle said: The object can be powered by electricity, diesel, or another form of energy.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transporting people, goods, or both?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for transporting both people and goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of train?
streetlight,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific industry or profession?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically used in a specific industry or profession.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or is it typically stationary?	Oracle said: It is typically stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object large enough that it requires a dedicated space or area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or infrastructure purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it is used for infrastructure purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy production or distribution?	Oracle said: Yes, it is related to energy distribution.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power line or electrical grid component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the distribution of energy other than electricity, such as gas or water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to renewable energy sources, such as solar or wind energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the distribution of heat or steam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the distribution of nuclear energy or related to nuclear infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to telecommunications or data distribution infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the distribution of oil or petroleum products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the distribution of any type of fuel or energy source used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the distribution of any type of energy used for lighting or powering devices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of battery or energy storage system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transformer or substation used in the distribution of electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the distribution of energy through alternative means, such as through kinetic or mechanical systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the distribution of energy through electromagnetic means, such as wireless energy transfer systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a lighting system, such as streetlights or large-scale lighting installations?
incubator,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a particular room or area of the house?	Oracle said: No, the object is not primarily used in a particular room or area of the house.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or is it typically stationary?	Oracle said: The object is typically stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance purposes?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for cleaning or maintenance purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation or storage?	Oracle said: No, the object is not used for food preparation or storage.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or personal care purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temperature control or air quality?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for temperature control.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner or a heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier or dehumidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating, such as a radiator or space heater?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to heating.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated towel rail or towel warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a central heating system component, like a furnace or boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated floor system or underfloor heating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating coil or element used in appliances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated throw or blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating lamp or infrared heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foot warmer or foot heating device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated clothing item, like a heated jacket or vest?	Oracle said: No, the object is not a heated clothing item like a heated jacket or vest.	Guesser said: Is the object a sauna or steam room heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating cable or tape used for pipes or roofs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated pet bed or pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater or immersion heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating panel or wall-mounted heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating mat or pad used for plants or seedlings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated towel rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating stove or pellet stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated footrest or foot warmer mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated massage chair or recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated car seat or seat warmer?
lever,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object can be both man-made and naturally occurring.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is commonly used for a specific purpose or function.	Guesser said: Is the object used in everyday life by most people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a specific industry or field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of construction or architecture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or piece of equipment used in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used as a tool in construction or architecture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or surveying in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting or moving materials in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for lifting or moving materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crane or hoist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pulley or winch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle or machinery used for moving materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld tool used for lifting or moving materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scaffolding or support structure used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temporary support or stabilization during construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting materials over short distances on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing materials on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or securing materials in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demolition or breaking down materials in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing or combining materials in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or clearing materials in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protective purposes in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electricity or power supply in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No, the object is not related to electricity or power supply in construction or architecture.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping materials in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting liquids or gases in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication or signaling in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ventilation or climate control in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for inspection or quality control in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for excavation or earth-moving in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water management or drainage in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative or aesthetic purposes in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of assembly or disassembly in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking or indicating positions or boundaries in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of protection or barrier in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of testing or analysis in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of finishing or surface treatment in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of navigation or guidance in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of welding or joining processes in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of transportation or movement assistance in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of emergency or contingency operations in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of communication or data transfer in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any kind of surveying or mapping in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any kind of maintenance or repair work in construction or architecture?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be related to maintenance or repair work in construction or architecture.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of adhesive or sealant used in maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning or degreasing agent used in maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lubricant or oil used in maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of patching or filling material used in maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener or connector used in maintenance or repair work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool or device used for diagnosing or troubleshooting in maintenance or repair work?
yacht,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat or watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a jet ski?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for sailing or cruising?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?
cannon,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural element or is it man-made?	Oracle said: It is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or is it something that moves or can be moved?	Oracle said: The object is typically stationary, but it can be moved.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose? If so, what is it generally used for?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for a specific function or purpose. It is generally used for launching projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object used in recreational activities or sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in military or defense applications?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of artillery or weaponry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?
radio,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object can be portable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio, visual, or interactive entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is used for audio entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal use or can it be used for group entertainment as well?	Oracle said: The object can be used for both personal use and group entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of speaker or sound system?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of sound system.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bluetooth speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a home theater system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable radio or boombox?
popgun,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children, adults, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used by children.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used in a group setting or more often used individually?	Oracle said: The object is more often used individually.	Guesser said: Is the object something that involves creativity or imagination, like a toy or a craft item?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that involves creativity or imagination, like a toy.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is constructed or assembled, such as building blocks or a puzzle?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is something that is constructed or assembled.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic, wood, or another material?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building block set, like LEGO or similar?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of building block set.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of puzzle, such as a jigsaw puzzle or a brain teaser?	Oracle said: No, it is not a type of puzzle.	Guesser said: Does the object involve assembling pieces to create a model or a specific structure, like a model kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to create art or drawings, like a stencil set or a craft kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used in role-playing or imaginative play, like a dollhouse or a playset?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dollhouse or a similar type of playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve miniature figures or characters that are part of the imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of costume or dress-up item used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to simulate a real-world environment or activity, like a toy kitchen or workshop set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific theme or setting, such as a castle or pirate ship, used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be related to imaginative play settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of play mat or play rug that depicts a themed environment, like a city or a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to create or simulate an outdoor environment, like a sandbox or a terrarium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fort or tent used for imaginative play, like a play tent or a teepee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board or game that involves creating scenarios or settings for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be assembled or configured to represent different scenes or settings, like a modular playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of puppet or marionette used for storytelling and imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy weapon or tool used in imaginative play, like a wooden sword or a plastic hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sword used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic hammer used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy bow and arrow set used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy shield used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy axe used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy gun used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy gun made of wood and plastic used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cap gun or a similar type of toy gun that uses caps for sound effects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water gun or squirt gun used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band gun used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pop gun used for imaginative play?
streetcar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you're thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object I'm thinking of is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or related to travel?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine or motor?	Oracle said: Yes, it is powered by a motor.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used for personal transportation, commercial purposes, or both?	Oracle said: The vehicle is primarily used for commercial purposes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to transport goods, people, or both?	Oracle said: The vehicle is designed to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle commonly used for public transportation, such as a bus or taxi?	Oracle said: Yes, it is commonly used for public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for rail-based transportation, like a train or tram?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a tram?
laser,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment, work, or household tasks?	Oracle said: The object can be used for entertainment and work.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or is it typically stationary?	Oracle said: The object can be portable.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication, creating content, or consuming content?	Oracle said: The object is not primarily used for communication, creating content, or consuming content.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gaming or interactive entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes or learning?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for educational purposes or learning.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electronic device that provides information or aids in learning, such as a calculator or educational toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading or displaying information, like an e-reader or digital display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific field or profession for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used in a specific field or profession for educational purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of science or medicine for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scientific or medical equipment, such as a microscope or anatomical model?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of scientific equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring or analyzing data in scientific experiments?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be used for measuring or analyzing data in scientific experiments.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sensor or detector, such as a spectrometer or a pH meter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visualizing or imaging, like an X-ray machine or an ultrasound device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temperature measurement or control, such as a thermometer or a calorimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for weighing or measuring mass, like a balance or scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for timing or measuring time intervals, such as a stopwatch or a chronometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for chemical analysis or reactions, like a titration setup or a centrifuge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for electrical measurements or testing, such as a multimeter or an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing or recording environmental conditions, like a weather station or a hygrometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of physics for experiments or demonstrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demonstrating principles of mechanics or motion, such as a pendulum or an air track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demonstrating principles of electricity or magnetism, like a Van de Graaff generator or a Tesla coil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demonstrating principles of optics or light, such as a laser or a prism?
taillight,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation or travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to infrastructure, like roads or bridges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the maintenance or operation of vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for refueling vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repairing or servicing vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintaining the appearance of vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or guiding vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or parking vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or security purposes related to vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control or manage traffic flow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect vehicles from theft or unauthorized access?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to alert or warn drivers or pedestrians?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of traffic cone or road safety sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of warning light or beacon used on vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of emergency vehicle light, like those used on police cars, ambulances, or fire trucks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hazard light or warning beacon used on construction or maintenance vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of warning light or beacon used on non-emergency vehicles, such as those for oversized loads or slow-moving vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of warning light or beacon used at railway crossings or on trains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of warning light or beacon used on aircraft or at airports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of warning light or beacon used on watercraft or at maritime locations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of warning light or beacon used on bicycles or personal mobility devices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle tail light or a similar warning light used on personal mobility devices like scooters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle headlight or a similar front-facing warning light used on personal mobility devices like scooters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of side visibility light or spoke light used on bicycles or personal mobility devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helmet light or wearable warning light used by cyclists or users of personal mobility devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of turn signal or indicator light used on bicycles or personal mobility devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective light or device used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle reflector or a similar reflective device used on personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective tape or sticker used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective vest or clothing accessory used by cyclists or users of personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective wheel reflector or spoke reflector used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective pedal or shoe reflector used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective accessory or attachment specifically designed for helmets used by cyclists or users of personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective band or strap that can be attached to the body or limbs of cyclists or users of personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective flag or pennant used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective backpack or bag used by cyclists or users of personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective spoke card or wheel decoration used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective tire or wheel rim used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective patch or decal specifically designed for use on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective mudguard or fender used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective license plate or identification tag used on bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective cover or casing for bicycle or personal mobility device components, such as a chain guard or handlebar cover, to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective spoke reflector clip or attachment that is specifically designed to enhance visibility on bicycles or personal mobility devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective light or accessory that is specifically designed to be attached to a specific part of a bicycle or personal mobility device, such as the handlebars or seat post, to enhance visibility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective accessory or device that is designed to be worn or carried by cyclists or users of personal mobility devices, but is not directly attached to the bicycle or device itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reflective spoke reflector that is integrated into the wheel design of bicycles or personal mobility devices to enhance visibility?
snowmobile,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific sport or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a water-based activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport or an individual sport?	Oracle said: The object is not typically used in a sport.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an activity that involves physical exercise or fitness?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used in an activity that involves physical exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in parks or recreational areas?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be commonly found in recreational areas, especially in snowy regions.	Guesser said: Is the object used for activities such as skiing or snowboarding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sliding or gliding on snow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled or a toboggan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for individual sliding, like a snow tube or a saucer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a winter activity that involves more than one person, like a bobsled?	Oracle said: Yes, the object can be used for a winter activity that involves more than one person.	Guesser said: Is the object a luge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?
phone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is electronic and requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for voice communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?
plane,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes, practical purposes, or both?	Oracle said: The object is used for both recreational and practical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides shelter or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation or travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine or motor?	Oracle said: Yes, it is powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used on land, water, or in the air?	Oracle said: The vehicle is primarily used in the air.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle typically used for personal, commercial, or military purposes?	Oracle said: The vehicle can be used for personal, commercial, and military purposes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle capable of vertical takeoff and landing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a type of airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the airplane typically used for long-distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the airplane a commercial airliner, such as a Boeing 747 or an Airbus A380?	Oracle said: It can be, but the object I am thinking of is not limited to commercial airliners.	Guesser said: Is the airplane a type of jet that can be used for both passenger and cargo transport?	Oracle said: Yes, an airplane can be a type of jet used for both passenger and cargo transport.	Guesser said: Is the airplane a multi-purpose jet like the Boeing 777 or Airbus A330, which can be configured for both passenger and cargo use?	Oracle said: Yes, an airplane can be configured for both passenger and cargo use, like the Boeing 777 or Airbus A330.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a multi-purpose jet airplane such as the Boeing 777 or Airbus A330?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the airplane you are thinking of smaller than a commercial airliner, such as a private jet or a business jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the airplane you are thinking of a large cargo aircraft, like the Boeing 747 Freighter or the Antonov An-124?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the airplane you are thinking of a military aircraft, such as a bomber or a transport plane?
limousine,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is primarily used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific industry or field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the technology or electronics industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction or building industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transportation industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle or transportation device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for maintenance or servicing in the transportation industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation infrastructure, such as roads, bridges, or railways?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or regulation in the transportation industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for logistics or transportation management?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used for transportation management.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of software or digital tool used in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical tool or device used in transportation management?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tracking or monitoring transportation vehicles or cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or coordination in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scheduling or planning in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation or route optimization in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ticketing or fare collection in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for loading or unloading in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing physical space or resources in transportation management?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is related to transportation management.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing parking spaces or facilities in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing cargo or freight in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing passenger flow or facilities in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing vehicle fleets in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing air traffic or airport operations in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing railway operations or facilities in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing maritime or port operations in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing public transportation systems, such as buses or subways, in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing transportation infrastructure maintenance or repairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing toll collection or toll booths in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing fuel or energy resources in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing storage or warehousing related to transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing transportation-related data or records in a physical form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing human resources or personnel in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing traffic flow or traffic signals in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing transportation-related signage or markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing emergency response or incident management in transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing insurance or legal aspects in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing environmental or sustainability aspects in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing financial transactions or budgeting in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing inventory or supply chain aspects in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing communication systems or networks in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing weather-related aspects in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for managing or organizing customer service or passenger experience in transportation management?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kiosk or terminal used for customer service or passenger experience in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical display or board used for providing information to passengers in transportation management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seating or comfort-related item used for enhancing passenger experience in transportation management?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seat or chair designed for use in airports or transportation terminals to enhance passenger comfort?
thermostat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you're thinking of man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for utility.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication, cooking, cleaning, or personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating, cooling, or air quality?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for heating, cooling, or improving air quality?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for heating and cooling.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or typically installed in a fixed location?	Oracle said: The object is typically installed in a fixed location.	Guesser said: Is the object a central heating and cooling system, like an HVAC unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermostat used to control heating and cooling systems?
spacecraft,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed for personal use or commercial use?	Oracle said: The object is not typically designed for personal or commercial use in the traditional sense.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used by emergency services or for public service purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used in agriculture or farming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used in a sporting or competitive context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used in a scientific or research context?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for exploration in extreme environments, such as space or deep-sea exploration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for space exploration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a type of spacecraft or space probe?
videotape,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment, utility, or decoration?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: Non-electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in households?	Oracle said: Yes, it can be commonly found in households, especially in the past.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific activity or game?	Oracle said: The object is associated with a specific activity.	Guesser said: Is the activity associated with the object a type of board game or card game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity associated with the object a type of physical exercise or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity associated with the object related to arts and crafts or a creative hobby?	Oracle said: No, the activity associated with the object is not primarily related to arts and crafts or a creative hobby.	Guesser said: Is the activity associated with the object related to music or musical instruments?	Oracle said: No, the activity associated with the object is not related to music or musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the activity associated with the object related to puzzles or problem-solving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity associated with the object related to reading or storytelling?	Oracle said: The activity associated with the object is related to storytelling.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of book or a tool used in storytelling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a traditional or cultural form of storytelling, such as puppetry or theater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game or activity that involves role-playing or acting out scenarios?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves creating or imagining stories, such as a storytelling dice or cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves a visual or tactile element, like a diorama or model?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a form of storytelling that involves a visual element.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy or model that is used to create or depict scenes, such as a dollhouse or action figures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of visual aid or tool used to enhance storytelling, such as a storyboard or a flipbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves projecting images or light, such as a shadow puppet or a magic lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves creating or arranging images, such as a photo album or scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves building or constructing scenes, such as a set of building blocks or a model kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves a sequence of images or illustrations, such as a comic strip or a picture book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a form of storytelling that involves viewing or displaying images, such as a viewfinder or stereoscope?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is used in a form of storytelling that involves viewing or displaying images.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of slide viewer or a device used to view photographic slides?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stereoscope, used to view 3D images or scenes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of viewfinder or device used to view a series of images, such as a View-Master?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kaleidoscope, used to view changing patterns and colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical toy or device used to view images, such as a zoetrope or praxinoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of peep show or mutoscope, used to view a sequence of images or a short film?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of panorama or diorama viewer, used to view a large or detailed scene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical illusion device or novelty item used to view images, such as a thaumatrope or phenakistoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of camera obscura or similar device used to project and view images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a lens or similar mechanism, such as a telescope or microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flipbook or similar device where images are viewed in a sequence by flipping pages or cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical toy or device that involves a mirror or reflective surface to view images, such as a magic mirror or a reflective viewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device that involves transparency or translucency to view images, such as a transparency viewer or lightbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device or toy that involves viewing images in a way that creates an illusion of motion or animation, such as a flipbook or a motion picture device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images in a unique or novel way, such as a hologram viewer or a lenticular image?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images in a cylindrical or circular format, such as a panorama wheel or a rotoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a small aperture or peephole, such as a peep box or a peephole viewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images on a surface, such as a projector or a magic lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a series of frames or a rotating mechanism, such as a zoetrope or a phenakistoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a lens or similar mechanism, such as a magnifying glass or a monocle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a slit or narrow opening, such as a slit viewer or a slit drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a rotating or moving mechanism, such as a kinetoscope or a mutoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a translucent or transparent material, such as a lightbox or a transparency viewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images through a layered or stacked format, such as a stereograph or a stereogram?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images in a reflective or mirrored format, such as a kaleidoscope or a magic mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of optical device or toy that involves viewing images in a novel or interactive way, such as a pop-up book or a 3D puzzle?
jukebox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or naturally occurring?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication, transportation, or entertainment?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or non-electronic?	Oracle said: The object is electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual entertainment, audio entertainment, or both?	Oracle said: The object is used for audio entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object portable or stationary?	Oracle said: The object is stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in homes, offices, or public spaces?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in public spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object used for live performances or for playing recorded audio?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing recorded audio.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of speaker or sound system?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of sound system.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?
seismograph,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes, the object is typically used for a specific function or purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular room or area of the house more than others?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic or does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes, the object requires electricity to function.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication or information purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used for information purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that displays information visually?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is portable and can be easily moved from one place to another?	Oracle said: No, the object is not typically portable and cannot be easily moved from one place to another.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in an office or workplace setting?	Oracle said: No, it is not commonly found in an office or workplace setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring environmental conditions, such as temperature or humidity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring security or safety within a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring health or fitness-related information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring time or scheduling-related information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking energy usage or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking any type of utility usage, such as water or gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking any kind of media or content consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking the status or condition of a specific device or system within the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking activities or behaviors of people or pets within the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking any kind of data or statistics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking financial or economic data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking weather-related data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking data related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking educational or learning-related data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking data related to utilities or infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring or tracking data related to any form of scientific or technical measurements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of home weather station or similar device used for scientific measurements?	Oracle said: Yes, it is a type of device used for scientific measurements.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital thermometer or hygrometer used for scientific measurements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seismograph or a device used to measure seismic activity?
