spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is generally bulky and has a rounded helmet.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large enough to completely enclose a person.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in space or in a space station.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric and plastic and metal and rubber and other materials.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting a person in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight can vary depending on the specific design and materials used.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has a rubbery smell and also smells of the materials that it is made of such as plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is whatever the temperature of its surroundings is.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect the wearer in an environment that lacks breathable air.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to protect the wearer from the environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to a car?	Oracle said: The object is much smaller than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when worn?	Oracle said: The object's weight when worn can be up to 280 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a space station?	Oracle said: The object is stored in a compartment.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a space station?	Oracle said: The object is used to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space when they are outside the space station.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is not being worn is roughly the same as the size of a large adult human.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 280 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect a person from the dangers of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily a combination of synthetic polymers.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in space exploration?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in space exploration is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's smell when it is new is similar to that of rubber and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the wearer from the dangers of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is dirty?	Oracle said: The object's color is white when it is clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect a person in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture when it is worn?	Oracle said: The texture is smooth and rubbery on the inside.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in protecting a person?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect a person from extreme conditions.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is folded?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is folded is roughly the size of a large backpack.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect the wearer from the environment of outer space.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is empty is about 280 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is categorized as a type of protective garment.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is a combination of fabrics.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the wearer from the dangers of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when it is old?	Oracle said: It smells like a mixture of sweat.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: It is stored in a designated area.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is in use?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is in use is roughly the size of a human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect the wearer from the environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's color when it is new is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of synthetic materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect a person from the environment of outer space.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is being worn is approximately 5 to 6 feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect a person from the environment in space.
underwear,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is not typically described as having a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort and support for the wearer's body.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and supporting the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object support the body?	Oracle said: The object supports the body by covering and protecting the private parts.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the genital area.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary from small to extra large.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide comfort and protection for the wearer's private parts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a dresser drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is not fixed.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is worn.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of its function?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for covering and supporting certain private parts of the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is usually around 0.	Guesser said: How is the object typically put on?	Oracle said: The object is typically put on by stepping into it with one's feet and then pulling it up over the legs and hips.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is to be worn for comfort and hygiene.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: The object's design is usually simple.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the wearer?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide comfort and hygiene for the wearer's private parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object is something that is worn closely to the body and is relatively small in size compared to the entire body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the wearer's body?	Oracle said: The object is worn directly on the wearer's body.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance to the wearer?	Oracle said: The object provides comfort and support to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object's smell is like a fresh laundry.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: The object is typically purchased at a clothing store or a department store.	Guesser said: What is the object's price?	Oracle said: The object's price can vary depending on the brand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of its use?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect the user's private parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is generally smaller than most other clothing items.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: It is briefs.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect a person's private parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide comfort and support for the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is not a fixed attribute.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is in a dresser drawer or on a person's body.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide support and coverage for the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 3 ounces.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object provides comfort and support to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is usually around 24 to 30 inches for adults.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort and modesty by covering the wearer's private parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's type?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is casual.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is to be worn next to the skin.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: The object's design is typically a simple.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect the wearer's private parts.
hinge,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically shaped like a long thin rectangle with a cylindrical or oval shaped pin in the middle.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object's function is to connect two parts together and allow them to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hardware.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 1 and 12 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for connecting two parts of something together so that they can move relative to each other.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to connect two parts together and allow them to move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually silver or black but can be any color.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I don't know the exact weight of the object.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a room?	Oracle said: The object is often located on a door or a cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth and metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a store?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object made for?	Oracle said: The object is made for connecting two things that move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human hand?	Oracle said: The object is generally smaller than a human hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a door?	Oracle said: The object's function in a door is to connect a door to a frame and allow the door to open and close.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute of smell?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of does not have a distinct smell.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a hardware store?	Oracle said: The object would be in the section with fasteners or door hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a house?	Oracle said: It is commonly found on doors and cabinets.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in centimeters?	Oracle said: The object's size in centimeters can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a cabinet?	Oracle said: The object's function in a cabinet is to allow a door to open and close.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when in use?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when in use is usually around the ambient temperature of its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a piece of furniture is to connect two parts together.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a kitchen?	Oracle said: It is often found on a cabinet door.	Guesser said: What is the object's mass?	Oracle said: The object's mass is about 1-5 ounces.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a department store?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a door frame?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a door frame is to connect the door to the frame and allow the door to swing open and closed.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a pencil?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a pencil.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: The object is used to connect two parts of the furniture so that they can move relative to each other.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: The object's function in a piece of furniture is to connect two parts together.	Guesser said: What is the object's density?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a hinge.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a cabinet?	Oracle said: The object's function in a cabinet is to connect the door to the rest of the cabinet and allow the door to open and close.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a room?	Oracle said: It can be found on a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in inches?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a hinge.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a cabinet door?	Oracle said: The object's function in a cabinet door is to connect the door to the frame and allow it to open and close.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's color when it is new is typically silver or brass.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to connect two parts of something together while allowing for movement between them.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a book?	Oracle said: The object's size is smaller than a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight in grams?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 50 grams.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a door frame?	Oracle said: The object's function in a door frame is to connect the door to the frame.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in millimeters?	Oracle said: The object's size in millimeters varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to connect two parts together.	Guesser said: What is the object's material when it is used outdoors?	Oracle said: It can be made of stainless steel or brass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a hardware store?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the section for door hardware or general hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a phone?	Oracle said: The object is generally smaller than a phone.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a cabinet?	Oracle said: The object's function in a cabinet is to connect two parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to connect two things.
barbell,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is typically a long.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for weightlifting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gym.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of exercise equipment.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It is usually between 4 and 7 feet long and can weigh anywhere from 20 to 150 pounds or more.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for weightlifting and exercising.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is typically a metallic color such as silver.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for weightlifting and strength training exercises.	Guesser said: I think the object is a barbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is amorphous and can take any shape.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to cover surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies greatly.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on roads.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is black.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is rough.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads and highways.	Guesser said: What is the composition of the object?	Oracle said: The composition of the object is a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in the environment where it is typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to cover surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the smell of the object?	Oracle said: It has a strong smell that is often associated with road construction and can be overwhelming to some people.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object is variable and depends on the quantity of the object.	Guesser said: What is the temperature of the object?	Oracle said: The temperature of the object varies and can range from -20 to 50 degrees Celsius depending on the environment.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: The primary use of the object is for paving and surfacing roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's density?	Oracle said: The object's density is around 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What is the object's viscosity?	Oracle said: The object's viscosity is very low.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound when it is moved?	Oracle said: When asphalt is moved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for paving and surfacing roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's taste?	Oracle said: The object has no taste.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically manufactured?	Oracle said: The object is typically manufactured in a factory or a plant.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be used for paving roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on roads and highways and in parking lots.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is variable.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for paving roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: Asphalt has a distinct smell that is often compared to the smell of tar or petroleum.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound when it is being poured?	Oracle said: The sound of the object when it is being poured is a loud rumbling or gurgling noise.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture when it is dry?	Oracle said: The object's texture when it is dry is rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is poured?	Oracle said: When it is poured.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's elasticity?	Oracle said: The object is not elastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for paving and surfacing roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is wet?	Oracle said: The object's color is black when it is wet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is dry?	Oracle said: It can be of varying sizes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a surface for roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is a mixture of aggregate and bitumen.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when it is being applied?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when it is being applied is usually around 300 to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection from the elements and for warmth.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The material the object is made of is fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is variable.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 3 to 5 pounds.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth and to protect against the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object functions as a garment to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on a person?	Oracle said: The object is typically draped over the shoulders or wrapped around the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when in use?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when in use is the temperature of the person wearing it.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to keep the head warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 4 and 6 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the body is to cover and protect it.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of clothing?	Oracle said: The object's category of clothing is outerwear.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in cold weather?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to the environment is to protect the wearer from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is variable.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a coat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's flexibility?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and for protection from the elements.	uesser said: What is the object's density?	Oracle said: The object's density is approximately 0.	uesser said: What is the object's location on the body when in use?	Oracle said: The object's location on the body when in use is on the back and over the shoulders.	esser said: What is the object's category of outerwear?	Oracle said: The object's category of outerwear is cloak.	uesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The object's weight is generally evenly distributed.	uesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	uesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is often a single solid color.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to weather?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to weather is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	esser said: What is the object's texture in relation to the skin?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft in relation to the skin.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	uesser said: What is the object's size when not in use?	Oracle said: The object's size when not in use can vary.	esser said: What is the object's category of garment?	Oracle said: The object is a type of garment.	esser said: What is the object's temperature retention?	Oracle said: The object is capable of retaining warmth and can be used to keep someone or something at a relatively stable temperature.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth and protection.	esser said: What is the object's shape when not in use?	Oracle said: The object's shape when not in use is a rectangle or a square.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the wearer's activities?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	esser said: What is the object's thickness when in use?	Oracle said: The object's thickness when in use is typically around 1/8 inch.	uesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and protection.	esser said: What is the object's flexibility when in use?	Oracle said: The object is very flexible when in use.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the wearer warm and to protect them from the elements.	sser said: What is the object's weight when wet?	Oracle said: The object's weight when wet is about 2-5 pounds.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to weather?	Oracle said: The object provides protection from the elements.	uesser said: What is the object's size when folded?	Oracle said: The object's size when folded is about 12 inches by 12 inches.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the wearer's activities?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.
brochure,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically 8.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a counter.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is printed material.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically a variety of colors.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a newspaper. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1 to 3 ounces.	uesser said: How does the object provide information?	Oracle said: The object provides information through text and images that are printed on its pages.	uesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	uesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information about a place.	uesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has little to no smell.	uesser said: What is the object's age?	Oracle said: The object is less than 5 years old.	esser said: I believe the object is a map.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's taste?	Oracle said: The object has no taste.	uesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically 8.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide information about a particular subject or location.	esser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is 8.	uesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to inform or persuade people about something.	sser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is 11 inches.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about something.	ser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 8 to 12 inches in length and 5 to 7 inches in width.	sser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is printed material.	ser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is paper.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a place.	ser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a place such as a hotel lobby.	er said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 3 to 12 inches in length.	sser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information to people about something.	uesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the same as the temperature of the surrounding environment.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to inform or promote something.	sser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 3 to 9 inches in width and 5 to 11 inches in height.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to inform or promote something.	sser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	uesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a table or counter.	uesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of paper product.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a particular topic or place.	sser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 8 and 12 inches tall and 5 to 8 inches wide.	uesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information.	sser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is paper.	sser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a printed document.	ser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide information about something.	sser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about something.	sser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically 8.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to inform or promote something.	uesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1 to 5 ounces.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a document.	uesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a travel agency.
armoire,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to store clothing and other personal items in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is larger than a chair but smaller than a car.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to store and organize items such as clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing clothes and other items.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not aware of any information about the color of the object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Typically in a corner or against a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is typically between 60 to 80 inches.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a dresser. ?	racle said: Correct.
jacket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is variable.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth and to protect the wearer from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material of the object is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is blue.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object is approximately 2 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	Guesser said: What is the smell of the object?	Oracle said: The object smells like fabric.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the brand of the object?	Oracle said: I am not aware of any specific brand of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the temperature of the object?	Oracle said: The temperature of the object is the same as the temperature of the surroundings.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: The location of the object is on my back.	Guesser said: What is the sound of the object?	Oracle said: The sound of the object is silence.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the wearer warm and for protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is worn to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not going to tell you the color of the object.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a human body with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and for protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection for the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not aware of any information that would indicate the object's color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection for the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is generally like a rectangle with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is in a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is generally a torso shape with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and protecting the body from the elements.
gauze,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is square or rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to dress and protect wounds.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: The object is very light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a medical facility.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to dress and clean wounds.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 2 to 4 inches in size.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of medical supplies.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object's primary purpose in a medical facility is to dress and protect wounds.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a medical facility?	Oracle said: It is used to dress wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	Guesser said: What material is the object's adhesive made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of does not have an adhesive.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human hand?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a human hand.	Guesser said: How is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a sealed package or a container to keep it clean and sterile.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is typically around 1/16 inch.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a medical facility is to absorb and protect wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's flexibility?	Oracle said: The object is somewhat flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object used by medical professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound when handled?	Oracle said: The sound of the object when handled is a soft rustling sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's density?	Oracle said: The object's density is about 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when used?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when used is usually around the temperature of the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a medical facility is to dress wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually white.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight compared to a human hand?	Oracle said: The object's weight is less than a human hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object's function in a medical facility is to absorb blood.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is medical supply.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can be variable.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to absorb or cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in the supply closet or the nurse's station.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect wounds or cuts.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object is used to dress wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is 3 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a medical facility is to absorb fluids and protect wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is very light.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to absorb.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when in use?	Oracle said: The object's shape when in use is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object is used to dress wounds and apply pressure to stop bleeding.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when folded?	Oracle said: The object's size when folded is about 4 inches by 4 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a medical facility?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a medical facility is to cover and protect wounds or cuts.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect a wound or cut.
dishtowel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The material the object is made of is fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically between 16 inches by 24 inches and 28 inches by 48 inches.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying hands and wiping up spills.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying dishes and wiping up spills.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 1 pound.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object in a kitchen is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides drying dishes?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning up spills.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object can smell like food or cleaning products.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when it is used?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when it is used is usually warm or hot.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a bathroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a bathroom is to dry hands or other things.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is folded?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is folded is approximately 6 inches by 6 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a kitchen besides drying dishes?	Oracle said: It is used to clean up spills and wipe down countertops.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is about 1/4 inch.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying dishes and other kitchen items.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a kitchen when not in use?	Oracle said: The object is often stored in a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object's pattern can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a bathroom when not in use?	Oracle said: It is not typically stored in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use in a bathroom?	Oracle said: The object's primary use in a bathroom is to dry hands and/or body.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is not folded?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 18 by 28 inches when it is not folded.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is used to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is dirty?	Oracle said: The object's color when it is dirty is not relevant to guessing what the object is.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen or bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually about 18 inches by 28 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying dishes and wiping up spills in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is household item.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 18 by 28 inches in size when it is not being used.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is used to dry dishes and other items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is folded?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is folded is a rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is usually cotton or a cotton/polyester blend.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's use in a kitchen is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is wet?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is wet is approximately 1.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is red.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a household item.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is usually found near the sink.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 16 inches by 24 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to dry dishes and other items after they have been washed.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in a bathroom?	Oracle said: It is not typically used in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: The object's primary material is cotton.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is not typically thought of as having a specific shape as it is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn as a garment that covers the torso and the legs.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object typically put on?	Oracle said: The object is typically put on by stepping into it and then pulling it up over the body and finally putting the arms into the arm holes and then zipping or closing the top of the object.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color can be any color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies depending on the material it is made of and the size of the person wearing it.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is typically casual and utilitarian.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is pants. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	uesser said: How does the object fasten?	Oracle said: The object fastens with a zipper.	uesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 50 and 70 inches.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a single garment that covers the torso and the legs.	esser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the temperature of the room it is in.	uesser said: What is the object's flexibility?	Oracle said: The object is somewhat flexible.	uesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object's pattern can be any pattern.	uesser said: What is the object's function in terms of the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and comfort during activities such as work.	uesser said: What location is the object typically used in during the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a variety of locations.	esser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct smell.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	sser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's age?	Oracle said: The object is less than 100 years old.	esser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is being worn is on the body.	sser said: What is the object's type?	Oracle said: The object's type is clothing.	sser said: What is the object's price?	Oracle said: The price of the object varies greatly depending on the brand.	esser said: What is the object's function in terms of protection?	Oracle said: The object provides protection against the elements and in some cases physical harm.	uesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness varies.	uesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is medium to high.	sser said: What is the object's season?	Oracle said: The object can be used in any season.	sser said: What is the object's primary function in the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide comfort and protection to the wearer during an activity.	sser said: What is the object's movement?	Oracle said: The object's movement is restricted to the person wearing it.	uesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is not being worn is in a closet.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort.	esser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is the height of the person wearing it.	sser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically on the body of a person when it is being used.	ser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The width of the object varies.	uesser said: What is the object's size in terms of volume?	Oracle said: The object's size in terms of volume is roughly the size of a large garment.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in terms of protection?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect the wearer's body from the environment.	uesser said: What is the object's weight when it is dry?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is dry can vary greatly.	esser said: What is the object's function in terms of the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object is worn by a person to provide comfort and protection.	esser said: What is the object's size when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is not being worn can vary.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in the activity it is used for?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a full-body covering for the wearer.	sser said: What is the object's temperature when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when it is being worn is the same temperature as the person wearing it.	uesser said: What is the object's location when it is being manufactured?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is being manufactured is in a factory.
gargoyle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 1 and 5 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect and ward off evil spirits.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is that of a grotesque creature.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically on the exterior of buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of architectural decorations.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically gray or stone.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is often used as a decorative element.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect or ward off evil spirits and to direct water away from buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is often used as a water spout on buildings.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Gargoyle. ?	racle said: Correct.
textbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide information and knowledge to the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 8 to 12 inches in height.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is often black or a dark color.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to convey information.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 2-5 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the classroom is to provide information to students on a specific subject.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by students?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's age?	Oracle said: The object is about 5 years old.	Guesser said: How is the object used in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning and teaching.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's binding?	Oracle said: The object's binding is a type of cover that is glued or sewn to the pages of the book.	Guesser said: What is the object's title?	Oracle said: The object does not have a title in the sense that a person or a place might have a title.	Guesser said: What is the object's author?	Oracle said: The object's author is unknown to me.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is usually on a desk or a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has a distinct smell of paper and ink.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the classroom is to provide information and facilitate learning.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is typically a single solid color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the classroom is to educate students on a particular subject by providing them with written information and knowledge.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to educate or inform.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The object's weight is evenly distributed.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the classroom is to provide information and knowledge to students.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is an educational material.	Guesser said: What is the object's size variation?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information and knowledge to the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in a classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape variation?	Oracle said: The object's shape variation is rectangular with rounded corners.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the classroom is to provide information to students.	Guesser said: What is the object's binding type?	Oracle said: The object's binding type is hardcover.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the classroom is to provide information to students.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the classroom?	Oracle said: It is on a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is book.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 8 to 10 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information and knowledge to the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the classroom is to provide information and knowledge to students.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the classroom is to provide information and knowledge to students on a specific subject.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 3 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically black.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the classroom is to provide information and knowledge to students.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's binding?	Oracle said: The object's binding is a hardcover.
mainsail,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is triangular.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to use the wind to propel a boat.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a boat or ship.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of nautical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material of the object is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object when it is not being used for propelling a boat?	Oracle said: The object is used as a sun shade or as a windbreak when it is not being used for propelling a boat.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is white.	Guesser said: How is the object used for propelling a boat?	Oracle said: The object is used for harnessing the power of the wind to propel a boat.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object varies depending on its size and material.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object when it is used for harnessing the power of the wind to propel a boat?	Oracle said: The object is used to capture the energy of the wind and convert it into a propulsive force that drives the boat forward.	Guesser said: What is the smell of the object?	Oracle said: The smell of the object is typically of canvas.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's function of propelling a boat?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to propel a boat by harnessing the energy of the wind.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the density of the object?	Oracle said: The density of the object is approximately 0.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is used to propel a boat?	Oracle said: When used to propel a boat.	Guesser said: What is the temperature of the object?	Oracle said: I don't know the temperature of the object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is not being used for propelling a boat?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is not being used for propelling a boat is for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's category when it is used for decoration?	Oracle said: It is often used for decoration on model boats.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is used for decoration on model boats is to add realism to the model.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: The object's weight when used for decoration on model boats is negligible.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is used for decoration on model boats is triangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: The object's color can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's material when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: The object's material when it is used for decoration on model boats is usually a lightweight fabric or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object when it is used for decoration on model boats?	Oracle said: The function of the object when it is used for decoration on model boats is to represent the mainsail on the actual boat.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is used to represent the mainsail on the actual boat?	Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for hunting and catching large sea creatures such as whales.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hunting equipment.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 2 and 5 feet in length.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically silver or black.	Guesser said: How is the object used for hunting large sea creatures?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting large sea creatures by being thrown or launched from a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 2-5 pounds.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in hunting large sea creatures?	Oracle said: It is used to catch or kill the creatures.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What type of hunting is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for whaling.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in whaling?	Oracle said: The object's function in whaling is to catch or kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It has a salty.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the whaling process?	Oracle said: The object is used to catch the whale.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: The object makes a swooshing sound when thrown.	Guesser said: How does the object function in the whaling process?	Oracle said: The object is used to catch and kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object is quite durable.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in whaling?	Oracle said: The object is used to catch whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human?	Oracle said: The object is much smaller than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in whaling?	Oracle said: The object is used to spear and kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The weight is distributed evenly along the length of the object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to catch or pierce something.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in whaling?	Oracle said: The object's function in whaling is to catch and kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when not in use?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a boat or a storage area on land.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when rusty?	Oracle said: The object's color when rusty is reddish-brown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to pierce and hold onto something.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when rusty?	Oracle said: It smells like rust.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when compared to other hunting equipment?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than most hunting equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting or fishing.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when wet?	Oracle said: The object's weight when wet is not relevant to guessing what the object is.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the whaling process?	Oracle said: The object is used to catch and kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's flexibility?	Oracle said: The object is somewhat flexible but generally rigid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in whaling?	Oracle said: The object's function in whaling is to catch and kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when in use?	Oracle said: The object's shape when in use is long and slender with a sharp pointed end.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to catch or hunt something.	Guesser said: What is the object's material when not made of metal?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be thrown or launched.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when in use?	Oracle said: The object's location when in use is typically underwater.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when compared to a whale?	Oracle said: The object is much smaller than a whale.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the whaling process?	Oracle said: The object is used by whalers to catch whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to catch and hold onto something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in whaling?	Oracle said: The object's function in whaling is to catch and kill whales.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to pierce and hold onto something.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution along its length?	Oracle said: The object's weight is generally concentrated at the front end.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in hunting?	Oracle said: The object's function in hunting is to catch or kill prey.
sweater,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth and to make a fashion statement.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is something that comes in a variety of sizes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically on a person's body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material is fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object used to make a fashion statement?	Oracle said: It is often worn to make the wearer appear stylish or fashionable.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is blue.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides making a fashion statement?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 2 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides keeping warm and making a fashion statement?	Oracle said: It can be used as a blanket in an emergency situation.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: The length of the object is about 30 inches.	Guesser said: How does the object function to provide warmth?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth by trapping warm air next to the body.	Guesser said: What is the width of the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a sweater.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object besides keeping warm?	Oracle said: The object provides comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on the body?	Oracle said: The object's location on the body is the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has a woolly smell.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made from wool.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The object's weight distribution is generally even.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep someone warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is multicolored.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in an emergency situation?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in an emergency situation would be to provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size range?	Oracle said: The object's size range is from small to extra large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in everyday life?	Oracle said: The object is something that people wear to keep warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is casual.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is yarn.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the temperature of the surroundings.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of yarn.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides providing warmth?	Oracle said: The object provides style and comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on the body when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object is located on the torso when it is being worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is being worn is roughly tubular with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and comfort to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides providing warmth and comfort?	Oracle said: The object can be used to make a fashion statement.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is casual.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and comfort to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a closet or dresser when it is not being worn.
tiara,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is circular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn on the head as a symbol of status.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location of use?	Oracle said: The object's primary location of use is on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and jewels.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of gold.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's category classification?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically gold.	Guesser said: What is the object's location of origin?	Oracle said: The object's location of origin is Europe.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and has gemstones.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: The object's typical use is for adornment.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is less than one pound.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a ceremony?	Oracle said: The object is often used as a symbol of status.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is formal.	Guesser said: What is the object's type?	Oracle said: The object is a type of headpiece.	Guesser said: What is the object's material classification?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object is often worn on the head as a symbol of royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification?	Oracle said: The object is classified as jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance?	Oracle said: The object is often associated with royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as a symbol of status.	Guesser said: What is the object's social significance?	Oracle said: The object is often associated with royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has been used as a symbol of royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's size classification?	Oracle said: The object's size classification is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a ceremony?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head by a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's location of use?	Oracle said: The object is typically used on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's type classification?	Oracle said: It is a type of jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's historical significance?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has been used for centuries as a symbol of royalty and nobility.	Guesser said: What is the object's ceremonial significance?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location of storage?	Oracle said: Typically in a box or a case.	Guesser said: What is the object's monetary value?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a tiara.	Guesser said: What is the object's age?	Oracle said: The object is over 100 years old.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the temperature of the room it is in.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object is often used to signify royalty or high status.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight classification?	Oracle said: The object is light.	Guesser said: What is the object's style classification?	Oracle said: The object is classified as formal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the head as a symbol of royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object is somewhat delicate and requires careful handling to avoid damage.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance is polishing and storing it in a safe place.	Guesser said: What is the object's portability?	Oracle said: The object is portable.
mirror,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: A typical location for the object I am thinking of is in a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically rectangular but can be round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for looking at oneself.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a reflective surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is silver.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the bathroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the bathroom is to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight can be anywhere from a few ounces to over a hundred pounds depending on its size and type.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 10 and 50 feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies depending on its size.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is man-made structure.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually a neutral color like gray.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold something up in the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: How does the object hold something up?	Oracle said: The object holds something up with a rope or a halyard.	Guesser said: What is the object's height when it is not holding anything?	Oracle said: The height of the object is typically between 15 and 30 feet when it is not holding anything.	Guesser said: What is the object's base?	Oracle said: The object's base is typically in the ground or a concrete base.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width can vary but is usually about 1-5 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's location relative to a building?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the yard or grounds of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is typically a single color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to a person?	Oracle said: The object supports something that represents a person or group of people.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed outside and is often near buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's shape is tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: A flagpole is a sturdy object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a person?	Oracle said: The object is generally taller than a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is usually outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's material compared to its durability?	Oracle said: The object's material is strong and durable.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: The object's primary use is to hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object's color compared to its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object's color is often similar to its surroundings.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to an event?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to an event is to hold or display something.	Guesser said: What is the object's flexibility?	Oracle said: The object is somewhat flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object does not have a distinct smell.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is holding something?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's material when it is holding something?	Oracle said: The object's material can be metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is not holding anything?	Oracle said: The object is usually tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is holding something?	Oracle said: It is used to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is man-made structure.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a city?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in public areas such as parks.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is holding something?	Oracle said: The weight of the object when it is holding something can vary greatly depending on what it is holding.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is holding something?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is holding something is typically a vertical line with a horizontal line at the top.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or support something.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a house?	Oracle said: The object is much smaller than a house.	Guesser said: What is the object's height when it is holding something?	Oracle said: The object's height can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object can be made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold or support something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is a tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something up high.
train,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a railroad track.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transporting people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a railroad?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a railroad is to carry passengers or freight from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically silver or black.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is often located on tracks and in stations.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The speed of the object I am thinking of can be more than 300 km/h.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a railroad station?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a railroad station is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to a human?	Oracle said: The object is much larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a railroad?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on rails.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 500 to 1000 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a railroad yard?	Oracle said: The object's function in a railroad yard is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is typically between 3.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of vehicle?	Oracle said: The object is a type of land vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed in relation to other vehicles?	Oracle said: It is generally faster than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other vehicles?	Oracle said: It is a mode of transportation that often travels along fixed routes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transporting people?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to other vehicles?	Oracle said: It is larger than most vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a railroad station?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a railroad station is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is typically made up of bold.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transporting goods?	Oracle said: The object is used to transport goods along a rail system.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to a building?	Oracle said: The object's size is comparable to a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of metal?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight in relation to other vehicles?	Oracle said: The object is heavier than most other vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects in a railroad?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people or goods from one location to another along a railroad track.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to other objects in a railroad yard?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a railroad tie and smaller than a locomotive house.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of land vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's category of land vehicle is a rail vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's speed can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is empty is to be transported to a location where it can be loaded with cargo or passengers.	Guesser said: What is the object's material in terms of its durability?	Oracle said: The object's material is mostly metal which is very durable.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a railroad yard when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's function in a railroad yard when it is empty is to be stored.	Guesser said: What is the object's length when it is empty?	Oracle said: The length of the object can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of rail vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's category of rail vehicle is locomotive.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed when it is full?	Oracle said: The object's speed when it is full can vary depending on several factors such as the type of train.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is full?	Oracle said: I do not know the exact weight.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is often located on a railroad track.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.
streetlight,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide illumination.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is along streets and roads.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a basketball.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fixture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to illuminate the surrounding area.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually gray.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a streetlight. ?	racle said: Correct.
incubator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to maintain a consistent and controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is in a hospital or a laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task in the hospital or laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically around 2 to 4 feet in length.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is white.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an incubator. ?	racle said: Correct.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically a bar or beam that is rigid and straight.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide a mechanical advantage by changing the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can be any length.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in various places such as machines.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material of the object is metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of simple machines.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically metal and often silver in color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in a machine?	Oracle said: The function of the object in a machine is to change the direction or the magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not aware of the weight of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a machine?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a mechanical advantage to change the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object in a machine?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is often located in a machine near a fulcrum.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in a machine?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to change the direction or the amount of force in a machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a machine?	Oracle said: It is typically found between the fulcrum and the load or the effort.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in a machine?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a simple machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a simple machine is to provide a mechanical advantage by changing the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage by changing the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a lever.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I do not have information about the object's color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a machine is to provide a mechanical advantage by changing the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a machine part.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a simple machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a simple machine is to provide mechanical advantage by changing the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is machine part.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a machine is to change the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a machine?	Oracle said: The object's location in a machine is typically between a fulcrum and a load.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically long and straight with two ends.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a simple machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a simple machine is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a machine shop.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a machine is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is machine part.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a simple machine?	Oracle said: A lever is used to change the direction or the amount of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically a straight bar or beam with a fulcrum in the middle.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in a machine?	Oracle said: The function of the object in a machine is to change the direction or magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be made from various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: A lever is a simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in a machine is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a machine?	Oracle said: It is often attached to a fulcrum.
yacht,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and slender with a flat bottom and pointed ends.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is for recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large enough to have multiple rooms and can accommodate many people.	Guesser said: How is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: The object is used for sailing and cruising.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is fiberglass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sailboat. ?	racle said: Correct.
cannon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to fire projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a battlefield.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the battlefield?	Oracle said: The object is used for launching projectiles at enemies.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object when it is not being used for launching projectiles?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object when it is not being used for launching projectiles is to display its grandeur and beauty.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is typically black or gray.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides launching projectiles on a battlefield?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can also be used for ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object is several tons.	Guesser said: What is the location where the object is manufactured?	Oracle said: The location where the object is manufactured is not important to the object itself.	Guesser said: What is the object's mobility?	Oracle said: The object is mobile.	Guesser said: What is the object's range of motion?	Oracle said: The object has a limited range of motion.	Guesser said: What is the object's method of propulsion?	Oracle said: The object uses gunpowder as its method of propulsion.	Guesser said: What is the object's stabilizer?	Oracle said: The object's stabilizer is a wheel.	Guesser said: What is the object's role in a battle?	Oracle said: The object is used to attack enemies from a distance by firing heavy projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: The object's typical environment is outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's user interface?	Oracle said: It has no user interface.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object is durable enough to withstand repeated use.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance includes regular cleaning of the barrel and other parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is gunpowder.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a military unit?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a military unit is to fire heavy projectiles over long distances to attack enemy positions.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 3 and 20 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a battle?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a battle is to launch projectiles over long distances to damage or destroy enemy positions.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a ceremonial setting?	Oracle said: The object is often used to fire a salute.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: The object's sound is a loud boom.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a military unit?	Oracle said: The object's function in a military unit is to fire projectiles at enemy positions.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It smells like gunpowder.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a non-military setting?	Oracle said: The object can be used for ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can reach 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is 6 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a military unit?	Oracle said: The object's function in a military unit is to fire large projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is approximately 2 meters.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a battle?	Oracle said: The object's function in a battle is to fire projectiles at enemy positions.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when not in use?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a military base.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is from ancient China.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a military setting?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to launch projectiles at a target.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: The object's design is typically a long metal tube with a large.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in a non-military setting?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object in a non-military setting is often ceremonial or decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object has a long history dating back to ancient China.	Guesser said: What is the object's development?	Oracle said: The object's development began with the earliest known use of gunpowder in ancient China.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The object's weight distribution is mostly centered around the middle.	Guesser said: What is the object's role in a battle?	Oracle said: The object is used to fire projectiles at enemies.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's color when it is new is typically black.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a non-military setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a non-military setting can be to launch water.
radio,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to play music and other audio content.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a room or a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object play music?	Oracle said: The object plays music by receiving broadcast signals from radio stations and then playing the audio through speakers.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary user?	Oracle said: The primary user of the object is a human.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides playing music?	Oracle said: It is used for listening to news.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not aware of the object's color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a vehicle is to provide entertainment and information to the driver and passengers through broadcasted music.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 5 pounds.	Guesser said: How does the object help the driver?	Oracle said: The object helps the driver by providing entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a room?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a room is to provide entertainment and information by playing music.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a vehicle besides providing entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is used for navigation and news updates.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: What material is the object's buttons made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is about 4 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transmit and play sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is approximately 6-12 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a vehicle besides providing entertainment?	Oracle said: The object provides information.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 6 and 12 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to receive and play back audio signals.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is moderate.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The object's weight is generally evenly distributed throughout.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a room?	Oracle said: The object's function in a room is to provide entertainment and information by playing music.	Guesser said: What is the object's portability?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a vehicle?	Oracle said: It is usually located on the dashboard.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides playing music?	Oracle said: It can receive and play back news.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in a vehicle?	Oracle said: It is usually a standard size that fits in the dashboard.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical user interface?	Oracle said: The object's typical user interface includes buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a room?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a room is to play music or other audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a vehicle besides providing entertainment?	Oracle said: The object provides news.	Guesser said: What is the object's volume?	Oracle said: The object's volume is about 2-5 liters.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a vehicle is to provide entertainment and information to the driver and passengers through broadcast audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a store?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a room?	Oracle said: The object's function in a room is to play music or broadcast audio content to people in that room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object is usually rectangular in shape in a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a room?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a room is to play music or broadcast audio content.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the same as the surrounding environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's function in a vehicle is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in a room?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be placed on a table or shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music and receiving information.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight capacity?	Oracle said: The object's weight capacity is negligible because it is not designed to hold objects of significant weight.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: The object's typical use is for listening to music.
popgun,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to shoot a cork or paper wad.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a toy box or on a shelf in a bedroom or playroom.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: The category of the object is toy.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically red.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a toy pop gun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a long box with wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 60 feet long and 8 feet wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on city streets and in urban areas.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is often red or green but can be other colors as well.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation of people.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be up to 80 kilometers per hour.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's number of wheels?	Oracle said: The object has 4 wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 20 tons.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people within a city.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of vehicle?	Oracle said: It is a type of rail vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically around 60 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion system?	Oracle said: The object's propulsion system is electric.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is approximately 8 to 9 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a city?	Oracle said: The object's function in a city is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is about 12 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a city?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a city is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of vehicle?	Oracle said: It is a type of rail vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's number of passengers?	Oracle said: The object's number of passengers can be up to 200.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed limit?	Oracle said: The speed limit of the object I am thinking of is typically around 35 to 45 miles per hour.	Guesser said: What is the object's suspension system?	Oracle said: The object's suspension system is typically a combination of springs and shock absorbers to provide a smooth ride for passengers.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a city?	Oracle said: The object's function in a city is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other vehicles?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car and smaller than a bus.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The weight is mostly in the bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of rail vehicle?	Oracle said: It is a type of rail vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transportation?	Oracle said: The object's function in transportation is to move people from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of rail vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's category of rail vehicle is tram.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is not being used is typically a depot or yard.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance schedule?	Oracle said: It varies depending on the system and the country.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of tram?	Oracle said: It is a type of tram.	Guesser said: What is the object's gauge?	Oracle said: The object's gauge is 4 ft 8.	Guesser said: What is the object's electrification system?	Oracle said: The object's electrification system is an overhead wire.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the city?	Oracle said: The object's function in the city is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of electrification?	Oracle said: The object is electrified by an overhead wire.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a city?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a city is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is typically a combination of bright colors such as red.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed on straight tracks?	Oracle said: The object's speed on straight tracks is typically around 50-70 km/h.	Guesser said: What is the object's acceleration?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a streetcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used for public transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight capacity?	Oracle said: The object's weight capacity is typically between 30 and 60 tons.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed on curves?	Oracle said: The object's speed on curves can be 10-20 km/h.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is similar in size to a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's suspension type?	Oracle said: It has a steel frame and uses springs and shock absorbers.
laser,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically red.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce a concentrated beam of light.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a variety of places.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of devices.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically shaped like a long thin rectangle.	Guesser said: How does the object produce a concentrated beam of light?	Oracle said: The object produces a concentrated beam of light through stimulated emission.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is not just one.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for a variety of purposes including cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a workplace?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a workplace is to cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: How is the object used to cut in a workplace?	Oracle said: The object is used to cut in a workplace by emitting a concentrated beam of light that can burn or vaporize materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically around 10-20 cm.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a workshop?	Oracle said: The object is used to cut through various materials with precision.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical usage environment?	Oracle said: The object's typical usage environment can be indoors or outdoors depending on the specific application.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when in use?	Oracle said: The object's temperature can vary depending on the specific type and usage.	Guesser said: What is the object's common name?	Oracle said: The object's common name is a laser.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser pointer?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to emit light to the rear of a vehicle to increase visibility to other drivers.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 6 inches by 6 inches by 2 inches.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and glass and metal.	Guesser said: How does the object work?	Oracle said: The object works by lighting up to show the intentions of the driver to other drivers.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically red.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a brake light.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowmobile,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a seat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 10 to 12 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location can vary.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be over 90 miles per hour.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in snowy regions.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually white or red.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in snowy regions?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in snowy regions is for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is between 400 and 700 pounds.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on snow and ice.	Guesser said: What is the object's fuel source?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: The object's primary use is for transportation and recreation in snowy environments.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion system?	Oracle said: The object's propulsion system is an internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: How does the object benefit the user?	Oracle said: The object provides a means of transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed range?	Oracle said: The object's speed range is between 30 and 180 kilometers per hour.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical terrain?	Oracle said: The object's typical terrain is snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is Polaris.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in the environment is to provide transportation across snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to a car?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical usage?	Oracle said: The object's typical usage is for traveling over snow and ice.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is an engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose for the user?	Oracle said: The object's purpose for the user is to provide transportation over snow and ice.	Guesser said: What is the object's terrain type?	Oracle said: The object's terrain type is snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's suspension system?	Oracle said: The snowmobile has a suspension system that is designed to absorb bumps and shocks.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel over snow and ice.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight capacity?	Oracle said: The object's weight capacity is typically between 300-500 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's engine size?	Oracle said: The object's engine size is typically between 500 and 1000 cc.	Guesser said: What is the object's top speed?	Oracle said: The object's top speed is 180 km/h.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's drive type?	Oracle said: The object's drive type is track.	Guesser said: What is the object's steering system?	Oracle said: The object's steering system is a handlebar.	Guesser said: What is the object's maneuverability?	Oracle said: The object's maneuverability is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in snowy regions?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in snowy regions is transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's color scheme?	Oracle said: The object's color scheme is often bright colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to a bicycle?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a bicycle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: The object's design is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in the environment is to travel across snow and ice.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location of use?	Oracle said: The object's primary location of use is in areas with snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The weight distribution of the object I am thinking of is typically around 60% at the rear and 40% at the front.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's suspension type?	Oracle said: The object has a ski suspension.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people over snow and ice.
phone,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color is not important.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to make and receive calls and messages.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a person's pocket.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material of the object is metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object's function to make and receive calls and messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not aware of any information that suggests that the object's color is relevant to its identity.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people or things through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically very large.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the air or at an airport.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a combination of curved and flat surfaces.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people or things through the air?	Oracle said: It has wings and engines to generate lift and thrust.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be over 900 km/h.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 400.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 100 and 350 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a typical day?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a typical day is to transport people or things from one place to another through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height can vary greatly depending on the type of plane.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not in use?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is not in use is typically an airport.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's use?	Oracle said: The object's use is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's altitude when in use?	Oracle said: The object's altitude when in use can range from a few hundred to several thousand feet above the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a typical airport?	Oracle said: The object's function in a typical airport is to transport people or cargo from one location to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion?	Oracle said: The object's propulsion is jet engines.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight in pounds?	Oracle said: I do not have enough information to give an exact weight in pounds as planes come in many different sizes and types.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a typical day?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a typical day is to transport people or goods from one place to another through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of fuel?	Oracle said: The object's type of fuel is jet fuel.	Guesser said: What is the object's cargo capacity?	Oracle said: The cargo capacity can be up to 660 tons depending on the type of plane.	Guesser said: What is the object's wingspan?	Oracle said: The object's wingspan is typically between 80 and 200 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is much larger than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in society?	Oracle said: The object's function in society is to transport people and goods through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in the world?	Oracle said: The object's use in the world is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object's speed is much faster than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in transportation?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in transportation is to carry people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's altitude?	Oracle said: The object can be at any altitude.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight capacity?	Oracle said: The object's weight capacity is approximately 50 to 800 tons depending on the specific model and configuration.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location can be in the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when viewed from the side?	Oracle said: The object's shape when viewed from the side is typically long and narrow with wings extending from the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when in use?	Oracle said: The object's function when in use is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's height when on the ground?	Oracle said: The object's height when on the ground is typically around 12 meters.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in an airport?	Oracle said: It is used for transporting people or goods from one location to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the world of transportation?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's type?	Oracle said: The object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed when taking off?	Oracle said: The object's speed when taking off can be around 150-200 mph.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in terms of transportation?	Oracle said: The object's category in terms of transportation is aircraft.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in terms of travel?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.
limousine,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: The location of the object is not relevant to the object itself.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is large.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material is metal and glass and leather and rubber.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the vehicle?	Oracle said: The primary function of the vehicle is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object I am thinking of is approximately 2.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is for transporting people.	Guesser said: What is the number of wheels of the object?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has 4 wheels.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in a society?	Oracle said: The object provides transportation for people.	Guesser said: What is the type of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car. ?	racle said: Correct.
thermostat,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually white.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a device.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to control the temperature in a room or building.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the room?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the room is to control the temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 6 ounces.	Guesser said: How does the object regulate temperature?	Oracle said: It regulates temperature by using a sensor to measure the temperature and then adjusting the heating or cooling system accordingly.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a typical house?	Oracle said: The object's location in a typical house is usually on a wall in a hallway or living room.	Guesser said: What is the object's model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a house?	Oracle said: The object's function in a house is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is home appliance.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a thermostat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is in outer space.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and other materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed is approximately 25.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for space exploration.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion method?	Oracle said: The object's propulsion method is a rocket engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is Earth.	Guesser said: What is the object's destination?	Oracle said: The object's destination is Mars.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is silver.	Guesser said: What is the object's crew size?	Oracle said: The object's crew size can range from one to seven people.	Guesser said: What is the object's fuel type?	Oracle said: The object's fuel type is liquid oxygen and kerosene.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's altitude?	Oracle said: The object's altitude varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is NASA.	Guesser said: What is the object's model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 4500 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be up to 25.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion method?	Oracle said: The object's propulsion method is a combination of rocket propulsion and gravitational assists.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is 37.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's diameter?	Oracle said: The object's diameter is about 3.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's crew size?	Oracle said: The object's crew size can be more than 3 people.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's destination?	Oracle said: The object's destination is Mars.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be over 25.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight varies depending on its configuration and the specific mission it is being used for.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space and conduct various missions.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials including metals.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: I do not know the object's speed.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.
videotape,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is rectangular with rounded corners.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to store video and audio information for playback on a television or other compatible device.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of video recording media.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to record and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 4 ounces.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing back video and audio recordings.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the home?	Oracle said: The object is usually located in the living room.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to record and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a VHS tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is typically rectangular with a curved or angled front.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a restaurant.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used to play music?	Oracle said: The object is used to play music by inserting coins and selecting songs from a list of available options.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I do not know the color of the object.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of music players.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 600 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide music for the patrons of the restaurant.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is about 5 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object plays music.	Guesser said: What is the width of the object?	Oracle said: The width of the object is 30 inches.	Guesser said: How does the object play music?	Oracle said: It plays music by inserting coins.	Guesser said: What is the depth of the object?	Oracle said: The depth of the object is about 30 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the restaurant?	Oracle said: It is typically located in the corner or against a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a music player.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has a smell of old electronics and dust.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object plays music for the patrons.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth in some areas and has buttons and knobs in other areas.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the same as the temperature of the room it is in.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object plays music for the patrons.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is much smaller than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is 60 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object plays music for the patrons.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a restaurant?	Oracle said: It is usually located in the dining area or the bar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a person?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight compared to a refrigerator?	Oracle said: The object is much lighter than a refrigerator.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a refrigerator?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a refrigerator.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object plays music for people to listen to and enjoy.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object provides music for the customers.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: The object makes music.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's taste?	Oracle said: The object has no taste.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object plays music for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a corner or against a wall in a restaurant.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a table?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object plays music for people to listen to.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when it is turned on?	Oracle said: It smells like warm plastic and dust when it is turned on.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a restaurant?	Oracle said: The object plays music for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight compared to a piano?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is much lighter than a piano.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music.
seismograph,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically a rectangular box with a series of sensors and recording devices attached to it.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to detect and record the motion of the ground.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a variety of places.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 2 to 6 feet in length and 1 to 3 feet in width and height.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: It detects and records the motion of the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually silver or gray.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to detect and measure the motion of the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 20-50 kg (44-110 lbs).	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a seismograph. ?	racle said: Correct.