spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sports uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a work uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chef's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nurse's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a police officer's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a firefighter's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a doctor's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a military uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a postal worker's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fast food worker's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mechanic's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a janitor's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a security guard's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a suit?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a business suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a flight attendant's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pilot's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a racing suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hazmat suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a painter's jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coverall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a work jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lab jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a medical jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.
underwear,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an undergarment?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of boxers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of underwear?	Correct.
hinge,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or fitness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of currency?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement or action of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grasp or grip something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional moving part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a pair of scissors. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object make a sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to create a hole or opening of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: .	esser said: Is the object used to drive or strike something?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a distinct sound or noise associated with its use?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used primarily for a domestic or household task?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to prepare or process food in some way, despite your earlier answer that it's not related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a chain or rope attached to it?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used to clean or maintain something?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to carry or transport something?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to measure or quantify something?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to protect something or someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	y next guess, the object is a helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	e object used to protect against a specific type of hazard or danger?	Oracle said: No.	ject used in a way that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: Yes.	ct used to protect something in a domestic or household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	ct used to protect against fire?	Oracle said: No.	t used to protect against water?	Oracle said: No.	 used to protect against pests or insects?	Oracle said: No.
barbell,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a visual or artistic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive or sporting purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport that involves speed or racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a precision sport, such as golf, archery, or shooting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a combat sport, such as boxing, wrestling, or martial arts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves an animal, such as horse riding or dog racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a racket or paddle, such as tennis, squash, or table tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a stick or bat, such as baseball, cricket, or hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of running or track and field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the primary metal the object is made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of competitive or sporting purpose does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of weightlifting.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific profession or occupation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or athletic activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic or porcelain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health or medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet or animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material, such as stone or rock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock or mineral that is commonly used in jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that has been shaped or carved for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is commonly found in nature, such as a pebble or a stone from a river or ocean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used for decorative purposes, such as a paperweight or a bookend?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that has a distinctive smell or odor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used in a specific cultural or traditional context, such as a ritual or ceremony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is commonly used in construction or building, such as a brick or a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used for a functional purpose, such as a mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a geode.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is prized for its beauty or aesthetic value, such as a piece of quartz or amethyst?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is used in a specific type of craft or art, such as a sculpture or a carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that has a unique or unusual texture, such as a piece of pumice or a rock with a lot of holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is commonly found in a specific type of environment, such as a desert or a mountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used as a symbol or token of something, such as a good luck charm or a symbol of friendship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that has a specific type of pattern or design, such as a rock with stripes or a rock with a unique shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used in a game or puzzle, such as a set of stones used for a game of Mancala?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a rock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is used for a specific type of task or function, such as a stone used for sharpening knives?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used in a specific type of ritual or ceremony, such as a stone used in a wedding or a stone used in a funeral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is prized for its rarity or uniqueness, such as a meteorite or a piece of fossilized wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used as a tool, such as a hammerstone or a stone used for grinding grain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pebble.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is used in a specific type of science or research, such as a rock used in geology or a stone used in archaeology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stone or rock that is used in a specific type of industry or manufacturing, such as a stone used in construction or a rock used in mining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone or rock that is used for a specific type of decoration, such as a stone used in a garden or a rock used in a fountain?	Oracle said: No.
cloak,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is typically worn by only one gender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that serves a functional purpose, such as providing warmth or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn for a specific activity or occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn for athletic or sports activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn for formal or business occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a waistcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cloak?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material, such as wood or fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a writing instrument in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a tool in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic or porcelain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game or puzzle in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain small items, such as paper clips or push pins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items that are related to a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pencil case.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items that are used for a task related to a hobby or craft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items such as yarn, thread, or needles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items such as paint, markers, or colored pencils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves working with physical materials, such as wood, fabric, or paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves collecting or displaying items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves creating or building something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves playing or gaming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves music or sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves nature or the outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves art or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves reading or writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves building or creating models?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves sewing or embroidery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves jewelry making?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves pottery or ceramics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items related to a hobby or craft that involves a specific type of material or medium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items that are used for a task related to a specific type of activity or event?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items that are used for a task related to a party or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items that are used for a task related to a sport or athletic activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain items that are used for a task related to a creative or artistic activity?	Oracle said: No.
armoire,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically large.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be ridden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for industrial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture with drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a dresser. ?	racle said: Correct.
jacket,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is roughly cylindrical with two arm holes and an opening for the head.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blanket with sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat or jacket?	Correct.
gauze,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for dusting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for polishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet or first aid kit.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauze pad?	Correct.
dishtowel,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a purpose related to water, such as a faucet, toilet, or shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in an office or a workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a mode of transportation, such as a car, bike, or train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom or a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing clothing or personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair or a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used while sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a massage table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for reading or listening to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to regulate body temperature, such as a heater, fan, or blanket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable heater, such as a propane heater or a kerosene heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be wrapped around the body, such as a blanket or a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric heating wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be filled with hot water, such as a hot pack or a heating pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to keep a person warm, such as a scarf, a hat, or a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of slippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn on the body, such as a coat, a sweater, or a pair of socks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn on the upper body, such as a shirt, a jacket, or a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn on the lower body, such as pants, a skirt, or a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the feet, such as socks or shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn around the neck or on the head, such as a hat, a scarf, or a necktie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn for warmth, such as a coat, a jacket, or a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn for fashion or style, such as a dress, a suit, or a tie?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory, such as a belt, a watch, or a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn on special occasions, such as a wedding, a formal event, or a party?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of formal wear, such as a tuxedo, a suit, or a evening gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn around the waist, such as a cummerbund, a sash, or a belt?	Oracle said: No.
gargoyle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of solid metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of an animal?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a cat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a dog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a lion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a tiger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a bear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a monkey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of an elephant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a fish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a reptile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a frog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a rabbit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a deer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a sheep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a goat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a pig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a cow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a chicken?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a turkey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a duck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a goose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a snake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a turtle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a wolf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a fox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a squirrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal statue of a hedgehog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of animal is the metal statue of?	Oracle said: It is a mythical creature.	Guesser said: Is the metal statue of a dragon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal statue of a unicorn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal statue of a phoenix?	Oracle said: No.
textbook,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Correct.
mainsail,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Does the object travel through the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hang glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paraglider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skydiver's equipment other than a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jetpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paramotor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a powered parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ultralight aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gyrocopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seaplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The primary purpose of the object is to harness the wind to propel a vessel.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a sail.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for pounding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the automotive field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the electrical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the plumbing field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by carpenters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a specific type of professional that is not a carpenter, doctor, electrician, or plumber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a chef or someone who works in the food industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with their hands in a skilled trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a locksmith?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a machinist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a welder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a blacksmith?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with jewelry or watches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with textiles or fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with wood, but is not a carpenter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a gunsmith?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with musical instruments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with art or crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with horses or other animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with printing or publishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works with photography?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a firefighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a police officer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone who works in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a scientist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an engineer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a craftsman who works with a specific material or object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a craftsman who works with glass?	Oracle said: No.
sweater,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you can press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earrings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a money clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keychain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a charm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to be worn on the head as a decorative piece.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or washing a part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to style or trim hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a perfume bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a cosmetic or a beauty product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a cosmetic or a beauty product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdbath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to hold something up high.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that controls or directs the flow of traffic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a barricade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toll booth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found at intersections or interchanges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a median?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a traffic circle or roundabout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a overpass or bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to separate or divide traffic lanes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information to drivers about the road or traffic conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an electronic message board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dynamic message sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a variable message sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a radar speed sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that displays the speed limit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that displays traffic cameras or surveillance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about traffic congestion or incidents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about road closures or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about weather conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about parking or parking availability?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about public transportation or transit options?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about nearby attractions or points of interest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about traffic rules or regulations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a warning sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about road conditions, such as slippery roads or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found near highways or freeways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to guide drivers to their destination?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a directional sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides information about the distance to a particular location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mile marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a particular business or service, such as a gas station or restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a rest stop or parking area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a weigh station or inspection station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a border crossing or port of entry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a tourist information center or visitor center?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a hospital or emergency services?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a logo or symbol that represents a particular organization or company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide information about the location of a specific event or attraction, such as a festival or concert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.
incubator,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is large enough to hold several objects that are about the size of a human infant.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary purpose of the object is to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an incubator?	Oracle said: Correct.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves turning or rotating something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tightening or loosening something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 1-20 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or on a workbench?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ratchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping or clamping something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bolt cutters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pruning shears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of needle-nose pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of slip-joint pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of locking pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of lineman's pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongue-and-groove pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of channel-type pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of adjustable pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gripping pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of locking gripping pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a curved jaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a flat jaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a pointed jaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a serrated jaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a smooth jaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a textured jaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a rubber grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers with a metal grip?	Oracle said: No.
yacht,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a racing sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically over 80 feet in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a luxury sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cost over $10 million?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than 5 cabins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a private yacht?	Correct.
cannon,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel or energy to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chainsaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power washer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jackhammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used or operated by a person?	Oracle said: The object is typically used or operated by a person by loading it with a projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a revolver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pistol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a BB gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pellet gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use springs or elastic to propel the projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a magazine or clip that holds multiple projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a BB gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the projectiles soft and made of foam or a similar material?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soft dart gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marshmallow gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disc shooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Koosh ball launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foam dart blaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow and arrow toy that shoots soft projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require assembly before use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a DIY or craft kit that allows users to build and customize their own projectile shooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy crossbow that shoots soft projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water gun that shoots soft or foam projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating or spinning part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a top or a spinning toy that also shoots projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that shoots soft projectiles in a spiral or curved trajectory?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spiral shot toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vortex blaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a helical or spiral shape to its barrel or projectile path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Powerball shooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use centrifugal force to propel the projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that uses a spinning motion to build up tension before releasing the projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spinning top that shoots soft projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Whirly bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Pult?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive sound when shooting projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that makes a whirring, whizzing, or whooshing sound when shooting projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zingpocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zing shot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zingwing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zing Air Z Curve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zing Toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zing P?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a X shot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zuru?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf Rival?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xploderz?	Oracle said: No.
streetcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument or statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I was told the object was larger than a car, so I'm confused.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an RV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of passengers that the object can transport?	Oracle said: The typical number of passengers that the object can transport is around 30 to 100 people.	Guesser said: Is the object a minibus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coach?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:I was initially told the object was larger than a car, which is consistent with a coach, but later I was told the object was a car. I'm still confused.?	Oracle said: You were never told the object was a car.	Guesser said: I think I was. I have a record of the conversation. You said "Oracle said: Yes" in response to my question "Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I have a record of the conversation that says otherwise. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: I am still confused. You said the object was a car and now you are saying it was not. I'm going to start the guessing process again from the beginning. Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: yes.	sser said: I'm going to ask more questions to clarify. Is the object's primary function to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the typical number of passengers that the object can transport?	Oracle said: The object can transport from a few dozen to a few hundred passengers.	ser said: Is the object a coach?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object travel on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: yes.	sser said: I've been told the object is larger than a car and has a primary function of transporting people, but now I'm being told it is a car. I'm going to ask more questions. Is the object publicly owned?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.
laser,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a handheld video game.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of entertainment, such as music or games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose, other than just entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or attachment that can be plugged into something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves rotating or turning something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose or function related to a particular activity or hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanism for measuring or tracking something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to measure or track time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a digital display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a digital scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to measure or track a person's physical characteristics, such as weight, height, or body fat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sensor or detector that measures something in the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to measure or track temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a probe or attachment that is inserted into something to take a measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in a professional or industrial setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a multimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a calibration or adjustment feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a blood pressure monitor?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in the medical field?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have a feature for storing or recording data?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of handheld and used for diagnostic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a feature for administering or dispensing something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stethoscope?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to measure or track a specific medical parameter, such as heart rate or oxygen levels?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a feature for providing feedback or alerts to the user?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pulse oximeter?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object you are thinking of used in a hospital or clinical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Does the object have a feature for connecting to a larger system or network?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an infusion pump?	Oracle said: No.
taillight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is about 10 inches by 5 inches by 2 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for indicating when a vehicle is turning or stopping.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object visible from the outside of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides glass?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material the same as the material it is most associated with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most associated with?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What material is the object most associated with, besides plastic?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object most associated with metal because of its color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object most associated with metal because of its durability?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color the same as the color it is most associated with?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary color?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: Is the object's secondary color the same as the color of the vehicle it is attached to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's secondary color the same as the primary color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's secondary color a color that is visible from the outside of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's secondary color a color that is visible from the inside of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's secondary color amber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object's lens material?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to the vehicle's turn signal?	Oracle said: The object is used to indicate the vehicle's turn signal to other drivers by flashing.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to the vehicle's brake signal?	Oracle said: The object is used to signal to other drivers that the vehicle's brakes are being applied.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It's a taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object the brake light?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object a turn signal light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object a brake light and a turn signal light?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object a combination brake and turn signal light?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object an automotive turn signal light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object a rear turn signal light?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.	Guesser said: Is the object a rear brake and turn signal light?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A taillight.
snowmobile,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than four wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use gasoline as a fuel source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a forklift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a game controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an iPhone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Android phone?	Correct.
plane,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 747?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A380?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have more than two engines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 777?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a McDonnell Douglas MD-11?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 767?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Lockheed L-1011 TriStar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A350?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A340?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 787?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a range of over 8000 nautical miles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A350-900ULR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 777-200LR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 777-300ER?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 777X?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A350-1000?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A380-800?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a maximum takeoff weight of over 500,000 kg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Antonov An-225?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A350-1000ULR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 747-8?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A380-800ULR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a maximum takeoff weight of over 590,000 kg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A380-900?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 747-400ERF?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 747-8F?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A350F?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A380F?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 747-8I?	Oracle said: Correct.
limousine,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is large.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a sedan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the car have four doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Honda Civic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Toyota Camry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Ford Fusion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car an American car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chevrolet Malibu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Dodge Charger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have a V6 engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have a V8 engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Ford Mustang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chevrolet Impala?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Dodge Challenger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Pontiac G8?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chevrolet SS?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have rear-wheel drive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Cadillac?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chrysler 300?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Ford Taurus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Buick LaCrosse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Dodge Avenger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have a sunroof?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Does the car have leather seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chrysler 200?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Ford Taurus SHO?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Dodge Charger R/T?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chevrolet SS sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Ford Mustang Shelby GT500?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Dodge Challenger R/T?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chevrolet Camaro?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Ford F-150?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Chevrolet Corvette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Dodge Viper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car an American muscle car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a luxury car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln Continental?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln MKZ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln Navigator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln MKS?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln Town Car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln LS?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln MKT?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a Lincoln MKX?	Oracle said: No.
thermostat,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shredder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a label maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for time-keeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a power strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air purifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dehumidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk vacuum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a noise when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair trimmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spacecraft?	Correct.
videotape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material that the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a massage device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blood pressure monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air purifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of the object is about 3 ounces.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric shaver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heart rate monitor?	Oracle said: No.
jukebox,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons or controls that you can press?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a music player, such as a radio or stereo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stereo system with separate components, such as a receiver, CD player, and speakers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does a person typically interact with the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A person typically interacts with the object by inserting money and selecting songs to play.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or productivity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barcode scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with one's hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of science?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used for measuring something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure temperature, pressure, or humidity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure distance or length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure weight or mass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure light or sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure flow or volume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure speed or velocity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a GPS device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anemometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of air or wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a person or animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of an object in a scientific experiment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a moving object in a general sense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of something in a specific context or environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of something in a sports context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of something in an industrial context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of something in an outdoor or natural environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a river or stream?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of the wind in a specific outdoor location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a weather-related phenomenon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of an animal in its natural habitat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a vehicle or machine in an outdoor environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of a natural phenomenon, such as a landslide or avalanche?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used to measure the speed of an avalanche?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used to measure the speed of a landslide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used to measure the speed of a rockfall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used to measure the speed of a mudslide?	Oracle said: No.
