spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in space or in a spacecraft.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object spherical in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans for a specific function in space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located outside of the Earth's atmosphere?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves collecting data about the universe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves collecting data about the universe in a way that requires it to be in a specific location in space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size measured in kilometers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to the collection of data about the universe through the use of sensors or other detection equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a space telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 1000 kg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a space station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length less than 10 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by astronauts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's material silver in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a compartment when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves the use of the object's physical properties to achieve a specific goal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a space suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the part of the body the object protects the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a space suit that is used to protect the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the space suit?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the space suit that covers the arms or legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the space suit's life support system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a space suit's helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to temperature regulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size comparable to a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a space suit's sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the wearer from extreme temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's material similar to nylon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function related to spacewalking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a specialized container when not in use on the spacecraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is resistant to extreme cold?	Oracle said: Yes.
underwear,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwear?	Correct.
hinge,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used on doors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for on doors?	Oracle said: It is used to connect the door to the frame and allow it to open and close.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in multiple rooms of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually attached to the door with screws?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hardware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a gym.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercising a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is for weightlifting and strength training.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated area when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary location where the object is used?	Oracle said: Gym.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by professional athletes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 20 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in the context of the gym?	Oracle said: The object is used for weightlifting and strength training exercises.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of iron alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for building upper body strength?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of free weight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercising the biceps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a place where people normally spend most of their time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's unusual shape related to its protective function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jacket used for protection against cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of a waterproof fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket used by people who work in a specific occupation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the jacket have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket used for protection against physical harm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the jacket have any reflective material on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket used by people in a specific location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's fabric a type of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's fabric a type of synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dresser when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by people who are older than 18?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically considered to be a feminine color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's unusual shape related to its location of use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by people who are younger than 65?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jacket used for protection against the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a rural setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in an urban environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's fabric a type of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves another person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the left side of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by people who are married?	Oracle said: No.
brochure,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in various locations such as travel agencies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or organizing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel brochure?	Correct.
armoire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most bedrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is often used for furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically placed in the corner of a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items that are worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used daily in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often made of oak?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items that are hung up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be moved from one closet to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items that are worn for special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in the closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items that are made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that has multiple shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store items that are worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelving unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than 5 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be assembled by the user?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific section of the closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to store items that are not clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in a walk-in closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near the entrance of the closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items that are worn for formal events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often made of maple?	Oracle said: Yes.
jacket,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a particular room in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person or in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and protecting the body from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in many different cultures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
gauze,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a first aid kit.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for first aid for a specific part of the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying dishes and cleaning up spills.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can absorb water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific location within the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or dresser drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a part of the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the protection the object provides?	Oracle said: The object provides protection by covering the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is commonly used to make towels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that is related to sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection of the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a variety of settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be easily packed in a suitcase?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the body from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the body from the rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be waterproofed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's distinct shape related to its function of protecting the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's hole used for the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that is made of a hard material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be easily cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who participate in water sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a team?	Oracle said: No.
gargoyle,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically found on a building.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a metal material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to fire safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for security purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a specific location on a building where it is typically found?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on the roof of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of would fall under the category of architectural ornamentation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of chimney?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of limestone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found on many different types of buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of carving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose in addition to being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found near a ventilation system on the roof of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to the structural integrity of the building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of architectural feature that serves a functional purpose on the roof of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of only limestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protecting the building from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found on both old and new buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of finial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a shape that is symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cresting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be made in a variety of different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be made from a mold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a combination of limestone and another material such as concrete or mortar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of balustrade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically a dark color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often covered in ivy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a combination of materials including limestone and a type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of coping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a combination of limestone and a type of metal such as copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of parapet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often used to prevent people from falling off the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a combination of limestone and a type of metal such as iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dark brown color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often found on buildings that are over 100 years old?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a combination of limestone and iron that is used for protecting the roof from weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of architectural feature that is used for both functional and decorative purposes and is typically found on older buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of roof decoration that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be made to be a different color than its original color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of gargoyle?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a school.	Guesser said: Is the object used by students?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of books.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a standard sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose in a classroom setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a high school classroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport the object is used for an Olympic sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the water for a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on boats and ships.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for on boats and ships?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food or drink on boats and ships?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cookware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to serving food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the galley of a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a bucket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the operation of the ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pipe or tubing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store water on the ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the deck of the ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to pump water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location below the deck of the ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material a type of metal that can rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near the ship's railings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to that of a car tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the ship in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the upper deck of the ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the ship by a rope or chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be found in a typical American household?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help the ship navigate through the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people to enter or exit the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help people climb aboard the ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity that involves water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often used to make anchors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight typically measured in pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of fishing that involves a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's length less than 5 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for deep sea fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.
sweater,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for a formal occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a ferromagnetic metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length greater than 10 inches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's diameter less than 5 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a location that is indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's material aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found near a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to perform a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a location where people sit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's diameter greater than 2 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to decorate a dining room table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a decorative purpose in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 2 inches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's material zinc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color bronze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface reflective?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room where people sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional use in addition to being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.
mirror,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store?	Oracle said: The object would be found in the home decor or furniture section of a store.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The main purpose of the object is to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made with a mirror?	Correct.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than 100 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by many people at the same time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a commercial purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to the storage of goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location typically in a harbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to providing a service?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a major highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a beach?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a shiny material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to providing shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a heavy metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 500 feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape cylindrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's diameter larger than 50 feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for industrial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a tourist area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a beach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's material rusty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to being a landmark?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically seen at a distance of over 1 mile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the generation of electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a place with a lot of foot traffic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighthouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height less than 300 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of water tower?	Oracle said: No.
train,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on train tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is for transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you can press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a public place where many people can see it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material something that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is commonly used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that benefits society?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a urban area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 100 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for electrical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in many different cities around the world?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to the distribution of electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically silver or grey?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of electrical tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of streetlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
incubator,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a hospital or a laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical procedure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surgical procedures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color primarily white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a hospital or laboratory setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a hospital or laboratory setting is to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of cells.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grow cells for medical research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific room in the hospital or laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require regular maintenance to function properly in the laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a room with a fume hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location in the laboratory setting typically near a source of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to biological safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall in the laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something in the laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's height more than 5 feet tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who wear gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's width less than 4 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of providing a controlled environment?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of provides a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: Is the object's depth less than 3 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a sink in the laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a transparent material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a countertop in the laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight more than 100 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the laboratory setting in terms of the function it serves?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material borosilicate glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific type of laboratory, such as a microbiology lab?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laboratory that deals with living organisms such as bacteria or viruses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a Biosafety Level 2 laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves protecting the user from the living organisms it is used to grow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to that of a small table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide a sterile environment for the growth of living organisms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a corner of the room in the laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the laboratory for a function that involves the growth of cells in a specific type of medium?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to providing a controlled atmosphere?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near other equipment in the laboratory that requires a controlled atmosphere?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a shelf in the laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task in the laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in various locations.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for changing the direction or force of something.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a variety of different industries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated area of the toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material a type of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under in a store that sells a wide variety of objects?	Oracle said: The object would fall under the category of tools or hardware in a store that sells a wide variety of objects.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of its function?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to gain mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a location that is at or below room temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to change the direction of something that is rotating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to reduce the effort needed to perform a task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a location where there are other objects made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to that of a small book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near other objects that are used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to change the direction of a rotating shaft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox that is portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a location where there are other objects that are used for lifting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually located in a place with a concrete floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight typically measured in ounces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of titanium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a location that has a lot of dust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by professionals who work in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a construction site near a pile of lumber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material something that can be found naturally?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material something that is often used to make tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects off of the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a location that has a lot of other metal objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects by changing the direction of force applied to the object?	Oracle said: Yes.
yacht,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the water.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than 10 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat typically painted a single color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used by a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat often found in freshwater lakes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fiberglass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.
