spacesuit,6,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located outside on a surface such as a table, ground, or a tree branch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on your prior responses, I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a plastic trash can. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
underwear,9,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a table or desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the fact that the object can be held in your hand, is located inside the house, not on a table or desk, and is located in the bedroom, I'm going to guess that the object is a pillow. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the bed in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the fact that the object can be held in your hand, is located inside the house, not on a table or desk, is located in the bedroom, and is on the floor, I'm going to guess that the object is a sock. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
hinge,7,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pillow. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on the back of the chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a cushion. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
barbell,6,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow.Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct
asphalt,1,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside the house?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road?	Oracle said: Correct
cloak,12,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a floor in the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the floor in the room with the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located under the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located in the room with the bed, on the floor, near the bed, and in the closet, I am going to guess that the object is a shoe.Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be hung up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located in the room with the bed, on the floor, near the bed, in the closet, and can be hung up, I am going to guess that the object is a coat. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct
brochure,8,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the first floor of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a piece of furniture in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a chair in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a cushion or pillow on the chair in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: Correct
armoire,6,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a dresser?	Oracle said: Correct
jacket,16,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is attached to the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information you have given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a basketball hoop. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information you have given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a golf club. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a sport that is typically played on grass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information you have given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a golf tee. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used in a sport that involves a ball being hit with a club?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information you have given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a golf club. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct
gauze,5,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Correct
dishtowel,17,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the first floor of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the kitchen table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on all of the information you've given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a glass. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the right side of the kitchen table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on all of the information you've given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a salt shaker. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a plate or in a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on all of the information you've given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a sugar bowl. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object in a container that is typically used for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on all of the information you've given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a coffee mug. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object in a container that is typically used for a sweet food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on all of the information you've given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a sugar container. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
jumpsuit,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside the house?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically worn for a specific type of activity?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically worn by one person?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of garment?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically worn by an astronaut? 	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of object?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct
gargoyle,11,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a dock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a boat. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a dock near a lake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a boat anchor. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
textbook,8,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the ground or on something else?	Oracle said: On the ground.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made or natural?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located in a yard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located near a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of near a fence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mailbox. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
mainsail,1,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sail?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for racing?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for sailing on water?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a mainsail?	Oracle said: Correct
harpoon,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting in water?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting marine animals?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used with a rope?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used with a spear.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is used for hunting marine animals, is used with a rope, and is used with a spear, I'm going to guess that the object is a harpoon.Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct
sweater,8,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside or outside?	Oracle said: It is located outside.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the ground or on a structure that is higher than the ground?	Oracle said: It is on a structure that is higher than the ground.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the outside of the vehicle or inside the vehicle?	Oracle said: It is on the outside of the vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of attached to the vehicle in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of attached to the vehicle's wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of attached to the vehicle's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Correct
tiara,28,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the room where 	Oracle is sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the table in front of 	Oracle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pen. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the edge of the table in front of 	Oracle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the table in front of 	Oracle and is it on a surface that is higher than the edge of the table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a book. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the table in front of 	Oracle and is it on a surface that is higher than the edge of the table and is that surface a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a book. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it the only object on the shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a vase. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it something that can be used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pencil sharpener. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it something that is used to write or draw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pen. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it a writing instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it something that is written on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a piece of paper. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it something that can be read?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a book. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it something that can be held in one hand and is it a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the shelf in front of 	Oracle and is it a photograph?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a photograph. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
mirror,5,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a floor that is above the ground floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the second floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in a room that is typically used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Correct
flagpole,10,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is typically used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is typically used for eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a table in the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a plate. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a mug. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct
train,7,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located outside in a yard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object near a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing?	Oracle said: Correct
streetlight,9,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a grill?	Oracle said: Correct
incubator,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of device?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used in a hospital?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to keep something warm?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Correct
lever,50,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in the room with the bed that you sleep in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow. 	Oracle said: No. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the floor near your bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the fact that the object is located near your bed, is on the floor, and can be sat on I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a chair. 	Oracle said: No. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess correctly. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Well, I'm glad I was able to guess correctly. It was fun playing the game with you.Goodbye!	Guesser out!(That's me signing off) Note: I made a mistake in the last message. I should have asked another question before guessing again. I should have said something like: Is the object you are thinking of a footstool?	In this game I used 10 questions.	1. Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	2.	Is the object you are thinking of on the floor?	3.	Is the object you are thinking of in a room with a bed?	4.	Is the object you are thinking of in the room with the bed that you sleep in?	 5.	I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow.6.Is the object you are thinking of on the floor near your bed?	7.	Is the object you are thinking of a rug?	8.	Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	9.	Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	 10.	Is the object you are thinking of a chair?	 11.	 Is the object you are thinking of a stool?	12.	(Note: I should have used 11 questions, I made a mistake in the last message.) The game would have ended with the 11th question. I could have asked another question like: Is the object you are thinking of a footstool?	 Note: The game would have ended with the 11th question if I had not made the mistake in the last message.	If you want to play the game again, I will start a new game with you. Just let me know. I'll be 	Guesser.I'll ask the first question. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in the room with the bed that you sleep in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow. 	Oracle said: No. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of near a nightstand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the fact that the object is located near your bed, is on the floor, and near a nightstand, and can be sat on I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a stool. 	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess correctly. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Well, let's start a new game. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in the room with the bed that you sleep in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow. 	Oracle said: No. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of near a nightstand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Based on the fact that the object is located near your bed, is on the floor, and near a nightstand, and can be sat on I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a stool. 	Oracle said: No. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a footstool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess correctly. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Well, let's start a new game. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in the room with the bed that you sleep in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow. 	Oracle said: No. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of near a nightstand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of on a rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cushion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess correctly. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Well, let's start a new game. 	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.
yacht,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on water?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a.	Guesser said: car?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat?	Oracle said: Correct
cannon,4,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object used for war?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is man made, used for military purposes, used on land, and not handheld, my guess is that the object is a tank. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is man made.	Oracle said: This question is invalid as it violates what questions can be asked, please ask a vaild question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically transported by a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of artillery?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cannon?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a cannon.	Oracle said: Yes, you are correct! The object I was thinking of was a cannon. Congratulations on guessing it correctly! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it correctly! I'm glad I was able to narrow it down with the information you provided. Thank you for playing the game with me! I had fun!Would you like to play again?	Correct
radio,16,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in a room that you typically sleep in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a floor that you can walk on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the ground floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a refrigerator. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a toaster. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a coffee maker. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a counter near the stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a coffee maker. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: Correct
popgun,21,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in my hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside your home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the chair in your living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is something that can be held in my hand, is located inside your home, is on a piece of furniture, is on a chair, and is on the chair in your living room, I'm going to guess that the object is a remote control. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the seat of the chair or on the back of the chair?	Oracle said: On the seat of the chair.	Guesser said: Is the object on the cushion of the chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is something that can be held in my hand, is located inside your home, is on a piece of furniture, is on a chair, is on the chair in your living room, is on the seat of the chair, and is on the cushion of the chair, I'm going to guess that the object is a cushion cover. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is related to reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is related to a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is something that can be held in my hand, is located inside your home, is on a piece of furniture, is on a chair, is on the chair in your living room, is on the cushion of the chair, is used for a specific task or function, and is used on the cushion of the chair, I'm going to guess that the object is a throw pillow with a decorative or functional design. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found on a couch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is something that can be held in my hand, is located inside your home, is on a piece of furniture, is on a chair, is on the chair in your living room, is on the cushion of the chair, is used for a specific task or function, is used on the cushion of the chair, is something that can be found on a couch, and is used for a specific task or function, I'm going to guess?	Oracle said: Correct
streetcar,19,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside or outside?	Oracle said: It is located outside.	Guesser said: Is the object on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a lawn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a dock or pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near a lake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a boat. 	Oracle said: Yes! You are correct. The object I was thinking of was a boat. Congratulations! You guessed it in just 6 questions. You must be a great 	Guesser!Congratulations, you have completed the game! You guessed the object in just 6 questions. You got it right on the 6th question. Do you want to play again?	 Would you like to play again? yes/no 	Oracle said: Let's play again.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside or outside?	Oracle said: It is located inside.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in a room with a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object near a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes! You are correct.	 Congratulations, you guessed it in just 5 questions. You must be a great 	Guesser! You have completed the game! You guessed the object in just 5 questions. You got it right on the 5th question. Do you want to play again?	 Would you like to play again? yes/no 	Oracle said: Let's play again.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside or outside?	Oracle said: It is located inside.	Guesser said: Is the object on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: Correct
laser,7,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a countertop in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: Correct
taillight,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object something you can see?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object located on the rear of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is.	 the object a license plate?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object a taillight?	Oracle said: Correct
snowmobile,18,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the ground or on the surface of the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in a yard or outside area that is typically landscaped?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object near a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the tree in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near a fence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object near a fence post?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a garden gnome. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near the bottom of the fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object near the top of the fence post?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a birdhouse. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
phone,19,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside or outside?	Oracle said: It is located inside.	Guesser said: Is the object on a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on top of the pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the pillow case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a pillow with a pillowcase?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on the pillow itself, not on the pillowcase?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the pillow in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pillow attachment, like a pillow decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a decorative pillow decoration, like a bow. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
plane,5,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is typically used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information you have given me, I'm going to guess that the object is a pillow. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
limousine,9,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located inside the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a place where it could get wet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a dock?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Now that I have enough information, I'm going to guess that the object is a potted plant.Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the dock in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an anchor. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat?	Oracle said: Correct
thermostat,9,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Oracle said: It is on a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a dining table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a coffee table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a coffee table itself, but I'm going to guess that 	Oracle is thinking of something on the coffee table. Based on the fact that the object is on the coffee table, is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Given that the object is on the coffee table, man-made, and not the coffee table itself, my next guess is that the object is a lamp. Is the object used for lighting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the fact that the object is on the coffee table, man-made, not the coffee table itself, used for lighting, I'm going to guess that the object is a table lamp. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
spacecraft,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: No	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spacecraft?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object able to travel through space?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for space exploration?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object able to carry people?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rocket.	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a type of launch vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object called the Saturn V?	Oracle said: Correct
videotape,15,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the room we are currently in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess. I think the object is a pillow. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located under the blankets on the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess. I think the object is a blanket. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book that is currently being read?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on top of a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess. I think the object is a bookend. Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess. I think the object is a book. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct
jukebox,2,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object located inside?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing music?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object coin-operated?	Oracle.	said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct
seismograph,50,	Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the cushion of the chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, in the living room, not on the floor, on a piece of furniture, on a chair, and on the cushion of the chair, I am going to guess that the object is a throw pillow. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations!	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, in the living room, not on the floor, on a piece of furniture, and on a table, I am going to guess that the object is a vase. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, in the living room, and on the floor, I am going to guess that the object is a rug. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object in the same room as the previous object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, in the living room, on the floor, and in the same room as the previous object, I am going to guess that the object is a carpet. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is adjacent to the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, not in the living room, but in a room that is adjacent to the living room, I am going to guess that the object is a lamp. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is adjacent to the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is adjacent to the living room on the same floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, not in the living room, but in a room that is adjacent to the living room, and on the same floor, I am going to guess that the object is a bookshelf. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is adjacent to the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is adjacent to the living room on the same floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the dining room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, not in the living room, but in a room that is adjacent to the living room, on the same floor, and in the dining room, I am going to guess that the object is a centerpiece. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room that is adjacent to the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the dining room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, not in the living room, but in a room that is adjacent to the living room, and in the dining room, I am going to guess that the object is a vase. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Based on the information that the object is located indoors, in the living room, and on the floor, I am going to guess that the object is a rug. 	Oracle said: That is correct. 	Guesser, you guessed it! Congratulations! 	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Do you want to play again?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.
