spacesuit,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What are some situations in which the object is used?	Oracle said: The object is used in space exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spacesuit?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to cover and protect the body.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What happens when the object is used?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole in it for the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the social context in which the object is used?	Oracle said: The object is used in a private context.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cultural significance?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for modesty?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the object and the user?	Oracle said: The object is worn by the user.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one gender?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is soft.	Guesser said: How does the object make the user feel?	Oracle said: The object is supposed to make the user feel comfortable.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly a curved.	Guesser said: How is the object obtained?	Oracle said: The object is obtained by buying it in a store.	Guesser said: Who is the object used by?	Oracle said: The object is used by humans.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to cover and protect the private parts of the body.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small enough to fit in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have a social stigma associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific occasion?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: The material of the object is fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the user's daily life?	Oracle said: The object is worn by the user.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is blue.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 1 ounce.	Guesser said: How does the object make the user feel when they are wearing it?	Oracle said: The object can make the user feel comfortable.	Guesser said: What is the smell of the object?	Oracle said: It depends on who is wearing it and how long they have been wearing it.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects?	Oracle said: It is worn under other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an underwear. ?	racle said: Correct.
hinge,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to connect two parts together so that they can move relative to each other.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is an example of a machine that the object is often found in?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: How many of the object are typically used in a door?	Oracle said: 2-3 .	uesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: You did not ask a question about the object.	uesser said: Does the object have a rotating part?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for exercise and weightlifting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects when it is being used for exercise and weightlifting?	Oracle said: It is often used with other objects such as weights.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is shiny?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object make someone healthier when it is used?	Oracle said: It helps build muscle and increase strength.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It has no size as it is a material.	Guesser said: How is the material used?	Oracle said: It is used for paving roads.	Guesser said: Is the material a type of rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the process of creating the material?	Oracle said: The process of creating the material involves mixing aggregate.	Guesser said: Is the material asphalt?	Correct.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of can vary.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to keep warm and to conceal oneself.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What happens to the object when it is used?	Oracle said: It is wrapped around the body.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pea coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is black.	Guesser said: How does the object make the wearer feel?	Oracle said: The object makes the wearer feel warm and protected.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a thick wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a great coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Chesterfield coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long does the object typically last?	Oracle said: The object can last for many years.	Guesser said: How is the object maintained?	Oracle said: The object is maintained by washing it and drying it.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: Is the object a overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object is approximately 3 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a top coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a long coat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object's lining?	Oracle said: The color of the object's lining is red.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat with a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make the wearer feel?	Oracle said: The object makes the wearer feel warm and protected.	Guesser said: Is the object a long wool coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object is one solid color.	Guesser said: Is the object a formal coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cashmere coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat with buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth and protection in cold climates.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is not being worn is roughly rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat with a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the same as the body temperature of the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and for protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's material texture?	Oracle said: The object's material texture is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.
brochure,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to provide information about a particular topic.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific date associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to the person holding it?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in one's hand and used to provide information to the person holding it.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the information provided by the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the information provided by the object is to inform or persuade about a particular topic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate size of the object is 8.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A brochure.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides paper?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a laminated brochure?	Correct.
armoire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What happens when the object is used?	Oracle said: It is used for storing and holding things.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: How does the object make someone's life easier or better?	Oracle said: It provides storage for clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of the object?	Oracle said: The typical height of the object is between 5 to 7 feet.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used in daily life?	Oracle said: It is typically used to store and organize clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of, besides wood?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does someone typically interact with the object?	Oracle said: Someone typically interacts with the object by opening and closing its doors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It's an armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object often decorated with carvings or designs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Does the object have shelves or drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to other objects in the room?	Oracle said: The object is used to store clothes and other personal items.	Guesser said: What is the typical material of the object's handles?	Oracle said: Metal or wood.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat top surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors that swing open?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is an armoire.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: How does someone typically acquire the object?	Oracle said: Someone typically acquires the object by purchasing it.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of wood, or is it made of multiple pieces of wood that are assembled together?	Oracle said: The object is made of multiple pieces of wood that are assembled together.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a specific type of room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to the user's daily routine?	Oracle said: It is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is an armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is an armoire.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store valuable items?	Oracle said: Yes.
jacket,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and protecting the body from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the user's body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the fabric the object is made of?	Oracle said: The texture of the fabric the object is made of is smooth.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other types of coats?	Oracle said: It is typically lighter in weight and shorter in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a social context?	Oracle said: The object is used to make a good impression and to show status or affiliation.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or style that is associated with a particular group or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo jacket?	Correct.
gauze,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used or interacted with?	Oracle said: It is typically used to dress wounds or clean surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bandage or gauze?	Correct.
dishtowel,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object is used to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the material that the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a dish towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the relationship of the object to a person?	Oracle said: The object is something that a person wears.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides fabric?	Oracle said: The object is also made of zippers and buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: How is the object related to other objects of its type?	Oracle said: The object is a specific instance of its type.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color of the object is blue.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object besides fabric?	Oracle said: There is no material besides fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a work environment?	Oracle said: The object is used as a uniform or protective gear in a work environment.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides protection and comfort?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion and functionality.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 2 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn in public?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It's a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a social context?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion and to make a statement about the wearer's style or affiliation with a particular group or subculture.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is a single.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for a specific occasion or event?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: How is the object related to other objects of its type?	Oracle said: The object is a type of garment.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for protection and comfort.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a work environment?	Oracle said: It is used as a uniform or protective gear.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It's a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides protection and comfort in a work environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a specific industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a jumpsuit.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the aviation industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material besides synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A jumpsuit.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is blue.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It's a jumpsuit.
gargoyle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used to scare away evil spirits and to direct water away from a building.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: It is a gargoyle.	Guesser said: Are gargoyles typically made of metal?	Correct.
textbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to convey information.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the book fiction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Correct.
mainsail,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to harness the wind to propel a boat through the water.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of interact with other objects on the boat?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of interacts with the wind to propel the boat forward.	Guesser said: What happens to the object you are thinking of when the wind dies down?	Oracle said: It loses its power and stops moving.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used by people on the boat?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used by people on the boat to harness the wind to propel the boat through the water.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of sail called a mainsail?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting and catching large sea creatures.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides metal?	Oracle said: The object is also made of wood and rope.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the hook?	Oracle said: The purpose of the hook is to catch and hold onto something.	Guesser said: What is the size of the hook?	Oracle said: The hook is typically around 2-5 inches in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and pointed.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose or function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The purpose or function of the object I am thinking of is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Can the object you are thinking of be found in most homes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object I am thinking of is various.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of coat or jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object you are thinking of typically made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of wool.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the object and a table?	Oracle said: The object is sometimes placed on a table.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: It is worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be grown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat made of straw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that comes from a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to decorate the head?	Oracle said: The object is placed on the head.	Guesser said: Can the object be given as a gift?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of material that can be woven?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object being worn on the head?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to signify royalty or nobility.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to a king or queen?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by a king or queen.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a precious metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object being made of a precious metal?	Oracle said: The object being made of a precious metal is to show wealth and status.	Guesser said: Does the object have gems or jewels on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the cultural significance of the object?	Oracle said: The object is often associated with royalty.	Guesser said: Is the object used in ceremonies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is an example of a ceremony in which the object is used?	Oracle said: Wedding.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the object and a wedding?	Oracle said: The object is often worn during a wedding.	Guesser said: Is the object made of gold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object called?	Oracle said: Tiara.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is gold.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to a wedding ceremony?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by the bride during the ceremony.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by the bride during the entire wedding?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the significance of the object being worn by the bride?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by the bride.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is circular.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for reflecting.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a mirror. ?	racle said: Correct.
flagpole,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose or function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to hold something up in the air.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is typically a tall.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical material the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used by people?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to illuminate the street at night.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of related to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is related to a road.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a streetlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
incubator,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the environment in which the living organisms are growing?	Oracle said: It provides a controlled environment to maintain optimal temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the object and the people who use it?	Oracle said: The people who use it are typically medical professionals or scientists.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the living organisms that are growing in it?	Oracle said: The object provides a controlled environment for the living organisms to grow and develop.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of incubator?	Correct.
lever,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be any size.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to apply a force to an object to cause movement or to change the direction of a force.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is a long bar with a fulcrum in the middle.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of can vary.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate size of the object is 10-20 feet in length and 5-10 feet in height.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a machine or device that serves a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a yard or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material besides metal?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the wood used in the object?	Oracle said: The wood is used for the carriage.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for firing projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to fire projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is several tons.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for listening to music.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a portable music player.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to operate it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object go in or on your ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate weight of the object is 2 pounds.	Guesser said: How does the object make sound?	Oracle said: The object makes sound through speakers.	Guesser said: Is the object a boombox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: How does a person typically carry the object?	Oracle said: In their hand.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's buttons or controls?	Oracle said: The buttons or controls are used to tune into different stations.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for listening to music.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object receive the music that it plays?	Oracle said: The object receives the music that it plays through radio waves.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a portable radio.?	Correct.
popgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a tube.	uesser said: How is the object used in entertainment?	Oracle said: It is used to create a loud noise in a comedy routine or skit.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whoopee cushion.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by being squeezed or compressed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a kazoos.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly associated with a particular holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a party horn.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is used to create a loud noise to start a race.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a starting pistol.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by being blown into?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an air horn.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How is the object used in the context of the holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: It is used to make noise during celebrations.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a New Year's Eve noisemaker.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle horn.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to scare people?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a noise maker that is used to scare people on a particular holiday?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to scare people during the holiday of Halloween?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fake spider that makes noise when you squeeze it.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object make a hissing sound when squeezed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whoopee cushion, but I know I already guessed that. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a hole or opening at one end?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: How is the object used in the context of Halloween?	Oracle said: It is used to shoot confetti or other small objects to celebrate the holiday.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a confetti popper.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to make a loud noise by forcing air through the hole or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a party favor that makes a loud noise when you blow into it.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a distinctive or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a squeeze horn.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of party favor or noisemaker that is traditionally used during Halloween?	Oracle said: yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic horn that is used to make noise during Halloween celebrations.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a valve or other mechanism to control the flow of air?	Oracle said: yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blowout or party favor that is used to make noise during Halloween celebrations.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of noise maker that is squeezed to produce a loud noise, and is commonly used during Halloween celebrations?	Oracle said: yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a squeeze air horn.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Does the object have a distinctive sound or noise that it makes when it is squeezed?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ketchup packet that makes a noise when you squeeze it, but that can't be right.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of novelty item or gag gift that is used to make noise and have fun during Halloween celebrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fake snake that makes a hissing sound when you squeeze it.?	Oracle said: No.	: Does the object have a tail or other extension that is used to create the noise when it is squeezed?	Oracle said: yes.	I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rubber chicken that makes a noise when you squeeze it, but that can't be right.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a squeeze toy that makes a noise when you squeeze it, and has a tail or other extension, and is used during Halloween celebrations.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The color is brown.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rubber mouse that makes a hissing sound when squeezed.?	Oracle said: No.
streetcar,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is around 15 meters in length and 2.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to transportation?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs approximately 20 tons.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on rails.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material composition?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a locomotive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many cars or units does the object typically have?	Oracle said: The object typically has 1 to 5 units or cars.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a passenger train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: The object's primary color is yellow.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a freight train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is elongated and rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a standard city bus?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a standard city bus.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tram?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an above ground tram?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's top speed?	Oracle said: The object's top speed is 50 miles per hour.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a light rail vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a streetcar?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task, such as gardening or crafting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is linear.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to produce an intense beam of light.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is very small.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to signal the intentions of a vehicle to other drivers.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turn signal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides plastic?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car turn signal?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is typically round or oval.	Guesser said: Is the object a car turn signal light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a turn signal light assembly.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowmobile,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to transport people over snow.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the environment in which the object is typically used?	Oracle said: The environment in which the object is typically used is snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of sled is it, is it a bobsled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material that the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material that the object is made of is metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to make and receive calls and send messages.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a phone?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the air or on a runway at an airport.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a bird in flight.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or goods through the air.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: It can weigh from 30 kg to over 500.	Guesser said: What is the most common place the object is used?	Oracle said: Airports.	Guesser said: How is the object controlled?	Oracle said: The object is controlled by a pilot using a yoke or stick.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a house?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a house.	Guesser said: What is the process by which the object moves?	Oracle said: The object moves by using wings to generate lift and thrust from engines.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides metal?	Oracle said: Plastic and fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object affect people's lives?	Oracle said: The object can transport people and goods from one location to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is silver.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both personal and commercial use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct smell.	Guesser said: Is the object a mode of public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's cost?	Oracle said: The object's cost can range from several million to several hundred million dollars.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for long distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing airplane?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 737?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is empty is 70000 kg.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 747?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 777?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many passengers can the object typically carry?	Oracle said: The object can typically carry hundreds of passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 787?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 767?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed is up to 915 km/h.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 757?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's range?	Oracle said: The object's range is over 500 miles.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 747-8?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 747-400?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object get the power it needs to move?	Oracle said: It uses jet engines.	Guesser said: What is the object's material besides metal?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 767-300?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical altitude when in use?	Oracle said: The object's typical altitude when in use is several thousand feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 747-200?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a football field?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a football field.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 747-300?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object protect its passengers from the outside environment?	Oracle said: The object has a pressurized cabin to maintain a safe internal air pressure and temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's color when it is new is usually white or silver.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people and objects through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when viewed from above?	Oracle said: The object's shape when viewed from above is roughly triangular with rounded corners.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: It moves through the air and lands on runways.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when it is new?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct smell.	Guesser said: Is the object a Boeing 777-300?	Oracle said: No.
limousine,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object that you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of is large.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a single person can own?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the material that the object is primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a truck.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for long distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is long and rectangular.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a recreational vehicle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a semi-truck.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically black.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on wheels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a motorcycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a van.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport a large number of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The texture of the object's surface is smooth.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically driven by one person?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed route?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be customized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sports car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for daily activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make people feel?	Oracle said: The object makes people feel important.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a limousine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a thermometer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make something hotter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair dryer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs approximately 1 pound.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a space heater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a curling iron.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a thermostat or temperature control?	Correct.
spacecraft,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an airplane. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a rotor?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a glider.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: How is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used to transport people and objects through space.	esser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Correct.
videotape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for watching movies.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other materials besides plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in watching movies?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to store and play back video and audio content for watching movies.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of disc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 4 inches by 6 inches by 1 inch.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable media player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in conjunction with other devices to watch movies?	Oracle said: It is inserted into a VCR.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: How is the object used by people to watch movies?	Oracle said: People insert the object into a machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: The object's brand is Sony.	Guesser said: Is the object a Sony VHS tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 3 ounces.	Guesser said: Is the object a Sony VHS tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store video and audio information.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a Sony VHS tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is roughly 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in watching movies?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be played in a machine to display movies on a television.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Sony VHS tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's material flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's material rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other materials besides plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing back video and audio.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used by people to watch movies?	Oracle said: The object is inserted into a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.
jukebox,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to play music.	Guesser said: Can you play different songs on the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object play music?	Oracle said: It uses records or CDs.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 5 to 6 feet tall and around 2 to 3 feet wide.	Guesser said: Is the object a music player?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a CD player.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls to play the music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the music being played?	Oracle said: The object plays music.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: How does the user interact with the object?	Oracle said: The user interacts with the object by inserting coins and selecting a song to play.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to detect and measure the motion of the ground.	Guesser said: What would happen if the object was not available?	Oracle said: If the object was not available.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by seismologists?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a seismograph. ?	racle said: Correct.
