spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in space or in a space agency facility.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for space exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in more than one country?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a space agency facility for launching?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific area of a space agency facility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of titanium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of scientific research?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often used in the construction of buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a control room of a space agency facility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the launch of spacecraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a launchpad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to track the movement of spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can withstand extremely high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the preparation of spacecraft for launch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the propulsion of spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size measured in kilometers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gathering data about the environment of space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the testing of spacecraft systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to gather data about the Earth's atmosphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific room of a space agency facility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the storage of spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often used in the aerospace industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors in a space agency facility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the support of spacecraft during launch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size larger than a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gathering data about the Sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically visible to the human eye?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that benefits the general public?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's location in a space agency facility in a area that is restricted to the general public?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to the launching of spacecraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color a shade of gray?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching spacecraft into orbit around the Earth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for launching spacecraft beyond Earth's orbit?	Oracle said: No.
underwear,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and supporting a part of the human body.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the lower body below the knee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific sport or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for connecting two things together and allowing them to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a circular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of movement, such as rotation or sliding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be easily shaped when heated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function that involves joining two objects together in a way that allows for rotational movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in construction or building projects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container with other objects of the same type?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a wide range of industries, including construction, manufacturing, and automotive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a location where tools are used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect two objects together in a way that allows for movement in multiple directions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material something that can be melted at a relatively low temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a location where heavy machinery is often used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be purchased at a hardware store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function that involves movement in only one direction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length longer than its width?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function that is related to a type of machine or device that is commonly used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a gym or fitness center.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require maintenance to keep it in working order?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific category of objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercising a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in the gym or fitness center?	Oracle said: The object is used for weight training and strength training exercises.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dumbbell. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a commercial purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be grown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help people in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific geographic region?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide a service?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is commonly used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help people in an emergency situation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a remote area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help people by providing a necessity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a group or cluster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can withstand extreme temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a group of more than 5?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is commonly used for building roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the article of clothing you are thinking of something that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garment that is worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn by a female?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn for business casual events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually stored in a drawer when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of something that is typically worn for business formal events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of something that is typically worn for business formal events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat something that is water resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of something that has a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat used for a specific type of activity or function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of something that is typically worn for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of something that is made of a thick wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat something that is designed to be lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of a sports coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat something that is designed to be breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of a pea coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat something that is designed to be packable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat you are thinking of something that is typically worn during the spring season?	Oracle said: No.
brochure,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a business setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an office supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office cubicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to facilitate communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who are standing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to write with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function that is related to a business meeting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a conference room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function that involves a group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be easily torn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pad of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who are in a management position?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific area of the conference room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be passed from person to person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in the center of the table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to giving a presentation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a location where there is a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to take notes during a presentation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape similar to a rectangle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handout?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to store clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve as furniture in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most bedrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for storing clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often placed in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be moved from one room to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things in the closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves changing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The main purpose of the object is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in the winter season?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung up in the closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a winter coat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
gauze,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a location with a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a location with a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often placed on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone sitting down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a table in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a formal setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a location with a kitchen table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thicker than a piece of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both males and females?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's length greater than 10 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's width less than 5 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically brown?	Oracle said: No.
dishtowel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function that involves heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often placed on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of boiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of grinding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a plant-based material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of holding or containing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of holding a hot beverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of bamboo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape similar to that of a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of cutting food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of eating a meal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function that involves the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is biodegradable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used during a specific meal of the day?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated area of the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to that of a small bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function of serving a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function that involves touching food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object's function relate to holding or supporting something during a meal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a function that involves eating with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be easily replaced if broken?	Oracle said: Yes.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to be worn by a person.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for formal occasions, such as a wedding or a party?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory, such as a hat, scarf, or belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can get wet without being damaged?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically stored in a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is commonly used to make athletic clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by athletes who participate in sports that take place on grass or turf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a variety of settings.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can stretch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of spandex?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by people who are under the age of 18?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily red in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves running?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a laundry basket after it has been worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily blue in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily green in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a team?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily yellow in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by people who participate in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: Yes.
gargoyle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically located on a building.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape a sphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the side of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color a shade of brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a building's plumbing system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 10 meters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's width greater than 5 meters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's depth greater than 2 meters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the roof of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's material a type of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chimney?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of granite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a building's heating system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose on the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of limestone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for ventilation on the roof of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape similar to a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves collecting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of sedimentary rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to protecting the building from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to protecting the building from water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flashing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape similar to a rectangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on a flat part of the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to directing water off the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of rock that is often gray in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of downspout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 50 kilograms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who work on roofs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located at the edge of the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ridge cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color similar to the color of the sky on a sunny day?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roof edge protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's length greater than 10 centimeters?	Oracle said: Yes.
textbook,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room where people often sit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used while a person is sitting down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a box when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who work with computers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves turning pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size similar to a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a sailboat.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for steering the sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the deck of the sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to block wind from getting to the sailor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sailboat the object is located on typically used for racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object on the sailboat typically found near the mast?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport the object is used for played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport the object is used for a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be rusted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport the object is used for golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve the performance of the person using it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a type of racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a beach?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who participate in the sport of surfing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape similar to a rectangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length typically greater than 6 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in both freshwater and saltwater fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rope or cord attached to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that can be found in the northeastern United States?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for deep sea fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of fishing that requires a license?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's width typically less than 2 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of fishing that involves a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fishing gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of fishing that involves a line?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by fishermen who are on a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.
sweater,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of clothing worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the piece of clothing have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of clothing a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the piece of clothing made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of clothing a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hygenic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hair in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hair styling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to be worn as a decorative piece on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the side of the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a ceremonial purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the left side of the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of a certain profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pin or clip to attach to hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of event?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the right side of the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of event that involves a large number of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often used for jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose in addition to being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by women during a wedding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often given as a gift to the bride?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the bride during the wedding ceremony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in most weddings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry that is traditionally given to the bride by her husband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn by the bride's attendants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people when they wake up in the morning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves vanity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a mirror. ?	racle said: Correct.
flagpole,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to hold a flag up high.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on train tracks or at train stations.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than 10 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a train. ?	racle said: Correct.
streetlight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a man-made object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by many people at the same time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides a service to the community?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who are traveling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to providing a service to travelers on the highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rest stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose for vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found at a toll booth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of parking structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of iron and concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by vehicles to travel over something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sound barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by vehicles to travel over something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to highway maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be seen from a distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a purpose for the highway itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to providing a service to vehicles on the highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people see every day?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in many cities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides a benefit to drivers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of highway divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to the function of the highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a fixed position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to protecting people or vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than 10 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function related to safety on the highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by emergency services?	Oracle said: No.
