snorkel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object helps people breathe while swimming or diving.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a pool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a locker room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Correct.
snowman,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical material of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose in a park or playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people sit on while they are in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a purpose related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be jumped on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a patio set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a place for people to gather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fire pit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found near a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves as a boundary or divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically very heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hot tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a specific type of yard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a suburban yard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for outdoor recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of a material that can be molded when it is hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a basketball hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a basketball hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people can play on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a playground structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be climbed on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.
