spacesuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a container that can hold water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a playground slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a playground object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to cover or protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic covering for a outdoor item like a grill or a patio set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic covering for a outdoor item like a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic covering for a outdoor item like a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic covering for a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic covering for a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to cover plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to cover a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a drop cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to cover a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to cover a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to cover a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to cover a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from dust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from sun damage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from cold temperatures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from pests?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from scratches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from fading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from corrosion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from wear and tear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used to protect a surface from damage caused by weather conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic sheet used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.
underwear,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of soft and flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically worn on the lower half of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of smaller than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to a machine or device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to connect or join two things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a washer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be attached to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves as a connector between two parts of a device or machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of adapter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of coupling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a cord or cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a pipe or tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a wheel or axle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to an engine or motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a gear or bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a switch or button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a cord or is electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose, but also has an aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct sound associated with its use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used in a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bicycle pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a rotating part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hand crank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a lever or handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used to grind or crush something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to apply pressure or squeeze something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a round or cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a mechanism to adjust or change its shape or size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be filled with a substance, such as a liquid or gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to hold or contain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a container with a lid or cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a hinged part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a flexible or elastic part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a removable part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a threaded part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to open or close something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a measuring scale or markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to measure the volume or quantity of a substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to measure the length or distance of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to measure the weight of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a balance scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spring scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a dial or gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a pointer or needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pocket scale?	Oracle said: No.
asphalt,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be molded when heated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be wrapped around a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn to bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose rather than a decorative one?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides warmth to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be easily stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of a thick and plush material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used during the colder months?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be washed and reused multiple times?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of garment that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fleece jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically worn for casual or everyday activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is pulled over the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically made of a soft and breathable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly worn for lounging or relaxing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pullover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides warmth and comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often worn in a layering system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a thermal top?	Oracle said: No.
brochure,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate weight of the object is 3 ounces.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roll of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally tall and rectangular.	Guesser said: How would you describe the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically brown.	Guesser said: Is the object hard or soft?	Oracle said: The object is hard.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate height of the object?	Oracle said: The object is taller than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors or an opening of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the color of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is blue.	Guesser said: How long is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is about 30 inches long.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hard or soft?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavy?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flexible?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not typically held in your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not a shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not a type of pants.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dress?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not a dress.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not a scarf.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
gauze,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for dusting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a hand towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific area or surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for polishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any strings or threads that are loose or can be pulled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fuzzy or fuzzy-like texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duster with a fuzzy end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small piece of fabric used for cleaning that has loose threads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small piece of an old t-shirt used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small piece of a towel used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small piece of a cloth used for cleaning with loose threads that is made from cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton cloth used for cleaning with loose threads, that is small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a cotton ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a square or rectangular shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton cloth used for cleaning with loose threads, that is small enough to be held in one hand and is square or rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a cloth used for cleaning with loose threads that is made from cotton and is square or rectangular in shape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be seen in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a kilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a police uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a military uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a school uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sports uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a work uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chef's uniform?	Oracle said: No.
gargoyle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a statue with a grotesque face and a body that is typically a mix of animal and human features.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human?	Oracle said: The object is typically larger than a human but can be smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a hard material?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth or rough?	Oracle said: The object's surface can be either smooth or rough.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges?	Oracle said: The object can have sharp edges.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically gray or brown in color.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: The object does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: How much does the object typically weigh?	Oracle said: The object can weigh anywhere from a few pounds to several tons.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object a gargoyle?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a solid object, meaning it is not hollow?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a solid object.	Guesser said: How would you describe the color of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically colored.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can weigh anywhere from 1-5 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a man made material?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of man-made materials.	Guesser said: Is the surface of the object you are thinking of smooth?	Oracle said: The surface of the object I am thinking of is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of serves a functional purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not used for a task related to food or drink.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not used for personal grooming or hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for a task related to writing or reading.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a book?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to water in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that floats on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a buoy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a life jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat hull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that sticks out of the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mast?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 10-20 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be held in your hand when it is in its raw form, like wood or metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough because it is made up of many small parts, like pebbles or grains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the moving parts mechanical, like gears or hinges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that is grasped or held by the user, such as a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive purpose, such as in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that is swung, thrown, or propelled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade or a striking surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sword or a fencing sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of cricket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 6 feet long.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a chain or a rope as a part of it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of polo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of jousting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of fencing, but is not a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial arts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flexible part, such as a string or a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing reel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fishing net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lure or a type of bait?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is attached to a fishing rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cast a fishing line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to retrieve or pull in a caught fish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing gaff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fishing gear, such as a hook, sinker, or swivel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift or pull a heavy fish out of the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing hoist or a type of block and tackle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hook or a claw as part of it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing gaff?	Oracle said: No.
sweater,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is attached to a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of jewelry that is worn on the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of jewelry that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a crown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is round in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cleaning the teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cutting hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for applying cosmetics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for washing the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for drying the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cleaning the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cleaning the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cleaning the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for trimming nails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for styling hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for shaving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for deodorizing the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for perfuming the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for moisturizing the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cleaning the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for personal grooming and is disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for personal grooming and is typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bulldozer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to shape or mold other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a gutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a structural purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to support weight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an I-beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a girder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is anchored to the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically buried in the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to connect two or more objects together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide stability?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a base plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to prevent movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an anchor bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to secure a structure to the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a footing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to transfer loads from a structure to the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to resist uplift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hold down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically embedded in concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to resist lateral loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to secure a roof to a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to secure a wall to a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to resist wind loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically used in areas prone to high winds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hurricane clip?	Oracle said: No.
train,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on or ridden on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cast iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a rounded or curved shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of steel that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a matte finish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a height of over 20 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for lighting highways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of weigh over 500 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a foundation that is set in concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a high mast light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a single light fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a light fixture that is directional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cobra head street light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is based in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is a leading manufacturer of street lighting equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is headquartered in the state of Ohio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is headquartered in the state of New York?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is headquartered in the state of Pennsylvania?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is headquartered in the state of Georgia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is headquartered in the state of Texas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is headquartered in the state of Illinois?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is a subsidiary of a larger conglomerate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is a publicly traded company?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that has a market capitalization of over 10 billion dollars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that has a market capitalization of over 5 billion dollars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that has a market capitalization of over 1 billion dollars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made by a company that is called Hubbell Incorporated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number that starts with the letters "WH"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number that starts with the letters "SL"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number that starts with the letters "CH"?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number of CH100?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number of CH150?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number of CH250?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number of CH350?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a model number of CH500?	Oracle said: No.
incubator,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for storing or holding something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a decanter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a carboy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a basin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toilet tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dehumidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a air purifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toothbrush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bowl?	Oracle said: No.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of an organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for gripping or twisting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for pounding or striking something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cutting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal washer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal charm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves water?	Oracle said: No.
yacht,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of carbon fiber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual taste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual texture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found near water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be seen in the sky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven or ridden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building or a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to electricity or power generation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to water, such as a pipe or a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found near a road or a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fence or a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of machinery or equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for construction or excavation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for industrial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of furnace or heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of decorative item, such as a statue or a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to waste management, such as a dumpster or a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of equipment used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be mounted on a wall or a post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to perform a repetitive task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically heavier than 100 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that requires regular maintenance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a large or prominent wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a complex or intricate design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a smooth surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a rough or textured surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to process or transform materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a hollow or empty interior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to hold or contain liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to hold or contain gases?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to hold or contain solids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of engine block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pipe or tubing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to generate or produce a specific sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinctive sound when it is operating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a resonant or echoing quality?	Oracle said: No.
radio,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a common household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for listening to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be connected to a device such as a phone or computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of adapter or connector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to play music from a device such as a phone or computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a portable music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of dock or cradle for a device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically placed near a person's ear when in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically placed on a surface, such as a table or shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has buttons or controls on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a screen or display on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of radio?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight is less than one pound.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is hard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color a shade of brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or make something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game or puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object, excluding any secondary materials or components?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or control something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the movement or position of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanism to adjust or change its configuration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply pressure or force to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that rotates or spins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or form something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a craft or artisanal activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a textured or patterned surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain a small object or material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a writing instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanism to open or close the hole or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense or release a small object or material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a small, round object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal container for a small, round object, such as a coin bank or a container for marbles, but most likely a metal container for a specific type of small, round object that is commonly used for recreational purposes, such as a metal container for a specific type of ball, and given the object's characteristics, such as being made of metal, having a distinct sound, and being used for recreational purposes, I'm going to take a guess that?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a snowmobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a steering wheel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a forklift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle with a sidecar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a bed or platform for carrying things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fire truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a police car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have flashing lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically longer than 10 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.
laser,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The length of the object is approximately 10-20 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a hard material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a frying pan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a curved surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a metal ruler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves hitting or striking something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves a tool or a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves turning or rotating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves cutting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves gripping or holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves pounding or shaping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves fastening or joining something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves a specific part of a machine or tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically attached to a machine or tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a gear.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a ferrous metal, such as iron or steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a non-ferrous metal, such as aluminum, copper, or brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a vehicle, such as a car or airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for entertainment, such as a television or computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a specific function, such as a kitchen appliance or a power tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that has moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that uses electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an aluminum motor housing.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is commonly found in a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a commercial or industrial purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically smaller than a football?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a purpose related to air or gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a purpose related to liquids or fluids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a purpose related to solids or powders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a purpose related to light or sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a purpose related to sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used for a purpose related to light, such as a lamp or a lighting fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a part of a device that is used to produce or control light, such as a light bulb or a lens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an aluminum reflector.?	Oracle said: No.
taillight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves moving something from one place to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves pulling or lifting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket that holds a specific object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an automobile part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car part that holds an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car mirror bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a license plate holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car phone holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an object that holds something that is used for a specific task while driving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear shift knob holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking brake handle holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near the steering column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the dashboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the center console?	Oracle said: No.
snowmobile,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically longer than 10 feet in length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is ridden by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has handlebars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dirt bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a gasoline powered engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a moped?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a maximum speed of over 60 miles per hour?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a phone?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically painted in various colors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 20 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of airplane?	Oracle said: Correct.
limousine,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually black.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is hard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length greater than 10 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car with two doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car with four doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car with four doors and a black interior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car with four doors, a black interior, and a V8 engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car with four doors, a black interior, a V8 engine, and a sunroof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car with four doors, a black interior, a V8 engine, a sunroof, and leather seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a 2015 Lincoln Town Car with four doors, a black interior, a V8 engine, a sunroof, and leather seats?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavy for its size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for hitting things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for gripping things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for measuring things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a micrometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a caliper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a protractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a thermometer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mercury thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a digital thermometer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an oral thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an infrared thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a candy thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a meat thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a thermocouple thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a thermistor thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a medical thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a food thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a refrigerator thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a freezer thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a oven thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a BBQ thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pool thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a aquarium thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wireless thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a waterproof thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pocket thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a precision thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an industrial thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scientific thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a laboratory thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a temperature probe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a temperature sensor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a temperature gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a temperature indicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hygrometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a barometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a weather thermometer?	Oracle said: No.
spacecraft,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate weight of the object is 1.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color silver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate length?	Oracle said: The object's approximate length is 100.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vessel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel tank?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chainsaw fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small engine fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diesel fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gasoline fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a propane fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.
videotape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The approximate weight of the object I am thinking of is 3 ounces.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a smooth texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves movement of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to an artistic pursuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves a collection of items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves a creative activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of cushion or pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of filled with a type of gas or air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves heat or warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of mat or pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves massage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of spa or bath equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of yoga or meditation equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of sleeping equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of foot equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of eye equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of ear equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of nose equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of mouth equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of face equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of head equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of neck equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of back equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of arm equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of hand equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of leg equipment?	Oracle said: No.
jukebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a flat top surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a backyard or garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a functional purpose, such as a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people sit on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has buttons or controls on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found on a desk or table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that produces sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific task, such as a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task that involves air or wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task that involves light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task that involves sound, other than producing sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to amplify or modify sound in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used in a musical context?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to support or enhance a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to record or play back sound in a musical context?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to play back digital music files?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically used by a DJ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to play back music from a physical medium, such as a record or cassette?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to play back 8-track tapes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to play back reel-to-reel tapes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to play back music from a medium that is no longer widely used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used in a home or personal setting?	Oracle said: No.
seismograph,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The approximate weight of the object I am thinking of is around 50-100 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger in length than it is in width?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be held in your hand when it is in its raw form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be moved by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that uses electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons or controls that are used to operate it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a computer or computer peripheral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to cleaning or organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of heater or heating device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an air purifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dehumidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to improve the quality of the air in a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a screen or display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a security system component, such as a security camera or monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a cord or cable that plugs into a wall outlet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a DVD or Blu-ray player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clock or timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of audio equipment, such as a radio or sound system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a keyboard or keypad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to display information, such as a scoreboard or message board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a digital picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a retail store or business setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to display information in a public place, such as a train station or airport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a flat top surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a rounded or curved shape?	Oracle said: No.
