spacesuit,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of a combination of materials.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in space or in a space station.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a space suit?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and support private parts of the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwear?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is worn to cover and support a part of the body.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment for males?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: It is worn for coverage and support.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jock strap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object that you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object that I am thinking of is typically a long thin rectangle or a thin bar with a pin or rod running through it.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It serves to connect two parts of a device.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a location that is indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under, man-made or natural?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hinge.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long bar with weights on each end.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to provide weight for the purpose of exercise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gym.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have, besides the long bar and the weights on each end?	Oracle said: It has a textured grip on the bar and the weights are usually made of metal and have holes in them for the bar to go through.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in roadways.	Guesser said: What category of material does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials that are composite.	Guesser said: Is the object asphalt?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be worn.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to keep someone warm or to conceal their identity.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be made of wool.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of function to conceal someone's identity?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be wrapped around the body to cover it.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a scarf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is a typical location where the object you are thinking of would be used?	Oracle said: A typical location where the object I am thinking of would be used is outdoors.	uesser said: What is a common use of the object you are thinking of besides keeping someone warm or concealing their identity?	Oracle said: A common use of the object I am thinking of besides keeping someone warm or concealing their identity is for ceremonial or symbolic purposes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cloak.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a particular topic or product.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of paper products.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes, aside from being flat?	Guesser said: What is the object's physical size?	Oracle said: The object's physical size is typically around 8.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of its function?	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a store?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a store's lobby.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,53,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large piece of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Guesser said: How does the object store clothes?	Oracle said: The object stores clothes in a hanging space and also has shelves and drawers.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and organize clothes and other items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and organize clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothing and other items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothing and other items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a physical structure that is typically tall and wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothes and other items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: An armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and organize clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: The object is an armoire.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.
jacket,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has sleeves.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth and protection to the wearer.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the wearer's torso?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
gauze,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a first aid kit or a medical facility.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Medical supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bandage that is used to cover a wound?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauze pad?	Correct.
dishtowel,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to dry dishes and wipe up spills.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a kitchen drawer or on a hook near the sink.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Guesser said: How is the object used to dry dishes?	Oracle said: The object is used to dry dishes by being wrapped around them or by being used to pat them dry.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes, besides being rectangular?	Oracle said: It is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dish towel. ?	racle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of one-piece garments.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from fabric?	Oracle said: The object has a zipper.	Guesser said: What function does the zipper serve?	Guesser said: How does the zipper function on the object?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically manufactured?	Oracle said: China.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Guesser said: What function does the zipper serve on the object?	Oracle said: The zipper serves to open and close the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the person wearing it?	Guesser said: What is the category of one-piece garments that the object belongs to?	Oracle said: The object is a type of coverall.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from fabric and a zipper?	Oracle said: The object has sleeves.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose aside from serving as clothing?	Oracle said: The object's purpose aside from serving as clothing is to protect the wearer.	Guesser said: What type of protection does the object provide to the wearer?	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is blue.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a three-dimensional object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and ward off evil spirits.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sculptures.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Guesser said: How does the object protect and ward off evil spirits?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in a location where it can watch over and protect a particular area or structure.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Gargoyle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that you can hold in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide information and knowledge to the user.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the physical material of the object you were thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Guesser said: What is the location where the object is typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: A bookshelf or a desk drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that make it suitable for being stored in the locations you mentioned?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a textbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to use the wind to propel a boat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a sailboat.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Sailing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: ?	racle said:? .	will now take the role of Oracle and respond to your questions. What is your next question?	Oracle said: I'm ready to answer your questions about the object I'm thinking of.	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	esser said: What function does the object serve?	esser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	ser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to harness the wind to propel a vessel through water.	r said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of Sailing.	said: Is the object a sail?	said: Is the object a sail?.	id: What category does the object fall under?	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically triangular or quadrilateral in shape.	ser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	r said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to harness the wind to propel a vessel.	said: What category does the object fall under?	esser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of parts of a ship.	said: Is the object a sail?	esser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	esser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects of the same category?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a spinnaker?	ser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: On land.	r said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: yes.	ser said: Is the object used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by more than two people?	esser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a part of a boat.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's shape when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically triangular or quadrilateral when not being used.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	esser said: What is the object's function when it is not being used to propel a boat?	esser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically dacron.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	esser said: What is the object's function when it is being used on the boat?	Oracle said: The object's function is to use the wind to propel the boat forward.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for long distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's size compared to the boat it is being used on?	Oracle said: The object's size is large compared to the boat it is being used on.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color can be any color.	r said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mainsail?	esser said: What is the object's function when it is not being used on the boat?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is not being used on the boat is to be stored.	ser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's weight compared to other objects of the same category?	Oracle said: The mainsail's weight is relatively light compared to other sails of the same size.	ser said: Is the object a mainsail?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a sharp point on the end.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to pierce and catch something.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: Ocean.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of hunting tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a harpoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve besides serving as clothing?	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides serving as clothing?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a blanket in a cold environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet or a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tops.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft and having buttons?	Oracle said: The object has sleeves and a collar.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves a decorative function.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of household objects.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to hold something up high.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a street light.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its location?	Oracle said: It is typically used to display a flag or other symbol.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a flagpole. ?	racle said: Correct.
train,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On a train track.	Guesser said: What category of object would you classify the object you are thinking of as?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a train.?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,55,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is tall and slender.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to provide light.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said:What are some of the physical attributes of a lamppost?	Oracle said: A lamppost is typically tall and slender.	Guesser said: What is the function of a lamppost?	Oracle said: The function of a lamppost is to provide lighting.	Guesser said: Where are lampposts typically located?	Guesser said: Where are lampposts typically located?	Oracle said: Lampposts are typically located on the side of a road.	Guesser said: What category of objects does a lamppost belong to?	Oracle said: The same category of objects that the object I am thinking of belongs to.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that a lamppost is made of?	Oracle said: Steel.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is a common location where lampposts are found?	Oracle said: Along roads.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material that a lamppost is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What is the typical location of a lamppost?	Oracle said: A street.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Guesser said: What are some of the categories of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Streetlights are similar to other types of lighting.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a streetlight?	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a tall pole.	Guesser said: What is the function of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of objects that are similar to the object I am thinking of is to provide light.	Guesser said: Where are objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: They are typically located along roads.	Guesser said: What are some of the categories of objects that the object you are thinking of belongs to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the categories of objects that are: man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of are made of?	Oracle said: Some of the materials that objects that are similar to the object I am thinking of are made of are metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Along roads and streets.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Similar objects are typically tall and thin.	Guesser said: What is the function of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of objects similar to the object I am thinking of is to provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of objects that are typically found on or near roads.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is tall.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of is on the side of a road.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical shape is a tall vertical pole with a light fixture at the top.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to provide light.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of is along the side of a road.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically around 7 to 12 meters tall.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Guesser said: What are some of the categories of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be categorized as a type of lighting.	Guesser said: What is the primary material that the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamppost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object you are thinking of is found?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object I am thinking of is found is along streets and roads.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of objects that are similar to the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is tall.
incubator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a large box with clear plastic sides and a metal frame.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a hospital.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical incubator?	Correct.
lever,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long handle and a fulcrum.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a machine or a device.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What function does the object perform?	Oracle said: The object is used to change the direction or the magnitude of a force.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a means of transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of boats.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have, besides being large?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a yacht. ?	racle said: Correct.
cannon,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a battlefield.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of military equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object's projectiles?	Oracle said: The projectiles are typically spherical in shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a catapult?	Guesser said: Where are the projectiles typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In the magazine.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human?	Oracle said: It is much larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is electronic.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to transmit and play back sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or a car.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Guesser said: How does the object transmit and play back sound?	Oracle said: The object uses speakers to play back sound and receives sound through radio waves.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is from 6 to 12 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a radio.?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,56,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a toy box or on a shelf in a child's room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of toys.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons or controls that you press to make it work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a handheld video game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of, such as its shape, color, or material?	Oracle said: It is a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of make noise when it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a toy box or on a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toy car with buttons that make sounds?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in terms of entertainment, is it to educate, to create, or to simply provide amusement?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide amusement.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of game that can be played by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of require batteries to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spinning top?	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object you are thinking of from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It has a hollow tube.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a kazoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be spun or turned to create entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be shaken to create noise or entertainment?	Guesser said: What is the typical environment in which the object you are thinking of is used?	Oracle said: The typical environment in which the object I am thinking of is used is outdoors or indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy that can be used in a competitive manner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have distinct or bright colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be thrown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a frisbee?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for being thrown?	Oracle said: The object is lightweight and compact.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of dart or projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nerf gun dart?	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object you are thinking of make it safe for children to use?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and has a soft padded end.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nerf gun dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct sound or noise associated with its use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy that is often used in a backyard or park setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a water balloon launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used in a game of catch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape that sets it apart from other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boomerang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is designed to fly through the air in a curved or arcing path?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toy airplane?	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object you are thinking of contribute to its ability to fly through the air in a curved or arcing path?	Oracle said: The object has a hollow tube and a spring or rubber band that launches a small projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toy crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy that is often used to play a game of tag or chase?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in terms of entertainment, is it to educate, to create, or to simply provide amusement?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to simply provide amusement.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by children of a wide range of ages?	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object you are thinking of make it appealing to children?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy that can be used by children of different ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a simple and intuitive design that makes it easy for children to use?	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a toy box.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used in a variety of different environments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object you are thinking of make it suitable for use in different environments?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is small and lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy that can be used in a competitive or non-competitive manner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for being thrown and caught?	Oracle said: It is lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is designed to be safe for indoor and outdoor use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object you are thinking of make it safe for indoor use?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of toy that is often used in a playful or humorous manner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual sound associated with its use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used to play a game or create a fun experience?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that contribute to its ability to make a distinct or unusual sound?	Oracle said: The object has a hollow tube and a spring-loaded piston that.
streetcar,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On streets and roads.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being large?	Oracle said: It is typically long and has wheels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location besides streets and roads?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a depot.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides transporting people?	Oracle said: The object's purpose besides transporting people is to transport goods and supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both personal and commercial use?	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is similar in size to a car.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a truck.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes besides having wheels and being large?	Oracle said: The object is typically 60 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed compared to a car?	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides transporting people and goods?	Oracle said: The object's function besides transporting people and goods is to provide a public transportation service.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an urban environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes besides being 60 feet long and having wheels?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being 60 feet long?	Oracle said: The object is 10 feet wide.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trolley.?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce an intense beam of light by amplifying light through stimulated emission.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of technology.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a lab.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is red.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to emit light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of car parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a tail light?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes, besides being red?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car headlight. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function, besides emitting light?	uesser said: What is the object's function, besides emitting light?	Oracle said: The object's function.	racle said: The object's function is also to signal or warn.?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located on the back of the vehicle?	Oracle said: yes.	esser said: What category of car parts does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of exterior car parts.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a brake light.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowmobile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in cold regions.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can travel over snow.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the vehicle category.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a snowmobile.?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket or on a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is approximately 5-6 inches in length and 2-3 inches in width.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,58,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has wings and an engine.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people or goods through the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In the air or at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material that the object I am thinking of is primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object I am thinking of?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of the object you are thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the metal you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky or at an airport.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has wings.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people or goods from one location to another through the air.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a helicopter?	Guesser said: What location is the object you are thinking of most commonly associated with?	Oracle said: Airport.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Guesser said: What is the category of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the physical attribute of the metal the object is made of?	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people or goods from one location to another through the air.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a helicopter?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located in the air or on a runway at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has wings and a body.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a commercial airliner?	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky or at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings and is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Boeing 737?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an Airbus A320?	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people or things through the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located in the air or on a runway at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of made of?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings and a body.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people or things through the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a commercial airliner?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: Yes.
limousine,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a vehicle for transporting people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in feet?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object's seats made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a truck?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a truck.	Guesser said: Is the object a sedan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically black.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a luxury car?	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when being used by multiple people?	Oracle said: The object's purpose when being used by multiple people is to transport them from one place to another.	Guesser said: Is the object an SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a rectangular shape with a sloping front and a flat back.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupe?	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is around 2500-3000 kilograms.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's fuel source?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a hybrid car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's top speed?	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed when being used?	Oracle said: The object's speed when being used can range from 0 to 100 miles per hour.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when being used by a single person?	Oracle said: The object's purpose when being used by a single person is to transport that person from one location to another.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a motorcycle?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a motorcycle.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material for the exterior?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a bicycle?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a bicycle.	Guesser said: Is the object a minivan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Guesser said: What is the object's category compared to other vehicles?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of car.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically small.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wall.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household appliances.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical body.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Space exploration.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides its cylindrical body?	Oracle said: It has solar panels.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of transporting humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is the International Space Station.?	Oracle said: Correct.
videotape,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a VCR or on a shelf.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes, specifically its size and weight?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a VHS tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bar or restaurant.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It plays music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes, besides being large?	Oracle said: The object has buttons.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a jukebox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically a large device with a metal or wooden frame.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a basement or a seismic station.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Scientific instrument.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to detect and record the motion of the ground.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a seismograph.Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.
