spacesuit,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a curtain or drapes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to protect a person from the harsh environment of space.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spacesuit?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a softer and more elastic material.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of yoga pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of jogging pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of lounge pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of drawstring pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an elastic waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Correct.
hinge,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to connect two things together and allow them to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hinge.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment, such as a game or toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to sports or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn on the body, such as a piece of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or support a part of the body during physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or track physical activity or performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used in a specific sport, such as a racket or bat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of fencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport that involves a target, such as archery or shooting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf, but is not a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of boxing or martial arts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit or strike a ball or other object, and is used in a sport that is typically played on a court or other enclosed area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical with rounded ends and a thicker middle section.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of track and field, and is thrown or used to propel an object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of rowing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object, specifically its length and diameter?	Oracle said: The length of the object is typically between 4 to 7 feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of pole vaulting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bar or rod used for balance or support in a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a balance beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object parallel bars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horizontal bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a still ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pommel horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vaulting pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balance pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking stick or trekking pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gymnastics apparatus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of weightlifting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an Olympic weightlifting bar?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard Olympic weightlifting bar, with a length of 7.2 feet and a weight of 45 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a women's Olympic weightlifting bar, with a length of 6.6 feet and a weight of 33 pounds?	Oracle said: No.
asphalt,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of is variable.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of asphalt?	Correct.
cloak,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is typically worn for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat and scarf set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn over another piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that has sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of blanket that is worn?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of blanket with a hole in the middle for the head?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cloak?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment, such as a toy or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing information.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a globe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock or watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper or magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper with information written on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a card, such as a business card or greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document, such as a receipt or invoice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an invoice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate, such as a birth certificate or diploma?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a contract?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a check?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prescription?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ticket, such as a movie ticket or boarding pass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form, such as a tax form or application?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notice, such as a parking ticket or warning notice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a report, such as a police report or medical report?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a license, such as a driver's license or business license?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a permit, such as a building permit or parking permit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a voucher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warranty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual, such as a user manual or instruction manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is large enough for a person to walk into.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a city or town?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be ridden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors that open and close?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that a person can interact with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in public spaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific type of business or establishment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or wellness in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste management in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a service that people pay for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a retail store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vending machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display case?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or carry products?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand truck or dolly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for loading or unloading products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for storing products?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stockroom shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chest?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treasure chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antique wooden chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cedar chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chest used for storing linens?	Oracle said: yes.
jacket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose, such as a piece of furniture or a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to food or cooking in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a service or function related to comfort or relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a couch or sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub or shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of heater, such as a radiator or a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for recreational purposes, such as a pool table or a home gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for decorative purposes, such as a vase or a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to control or regulate the environment, such as an air conditioner or a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a sense of comfort or relaxation through its presence, such as a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a sense of comfort or relaxation through its function, such as a massage table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a bedroom or a living room?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a carpet or a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a window treatment, such as curtains or blinds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of lighting fixture, such as a lamp or a chandelier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to organize or store items, such as a bookshelf or a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to display or showcase items, such as a picture frame or a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a purpose related to sound or music, such as a speaker or a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific task or function, such as a planter or a coat rack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to hold or support plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of decorative screen or room divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to store or hold items such as keys, mail, or bags?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in only one room of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides support or assistance for a person's body, such as a walker or a cane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for personal grooming or hygiene, such as a hair dryer or a toothbrush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of exercise equipment, such as a treadmill or a stationary bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to enhance or improve a person's mental or emotional state, such as a meditation cushion or a stress ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a purpose related to a person's feet, such as a footrest or a shoe rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide a sense of comfort or relaxation through its scent, such as an essential oil diffuser or a scented candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to create a sense of ambiance or atmosphere, such as a string of lights or a lava lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to block or filter out light, such as a shade or a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to create a sense of warmth or coziness, such as a throw blanket or a heated seat cushion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an electric blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hot water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a heated massage chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a heated foot warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a space heater designed to warm a small area, such as a personal space heater?	Oracle said: No.
gauze,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment, such as a toy or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb or hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean or wash any part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body, such as the face or hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup remover wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial cleansing wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaving cream?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object tweezers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lip balm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fragrance or perfume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deodorant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shampoo or conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie or clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisturizer or lotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: A gauze.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauze?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare or consume food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to food or drink?	Oracle said: It is used to dry dishes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: The kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the typical material composition of the object?	Oracle said: The typical material composition of the object is cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of khakis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of corduroy pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a specific profession or group of people?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a chef?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a police officer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a construction worker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a doctor or nurse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long does the object you are thinking of typically last before it needs to be replaced?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can last anywhere from a few months to several years.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a firefighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a military personnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a postal worker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a pilot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a religious figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object I am thinking of is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a sports player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a musician?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by an artist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a scientist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by an engineer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by an architect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a lawyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a teacher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a student?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn by a farmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The main purpose of the object I am thinking of is to be worn as clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for a specific occasion or event?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of make the wearer feel?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of makes the wearer feel comfortable and relaxed.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for formal events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for casual events?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for cultural or traditional events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for holiday events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for a wedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for a birthday party?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants that is typically worn for a graduation ceremony?	Oracle said: No.
gargoyle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Statue of Liberty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Mount Rushmore?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Christ the Redeemer statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Thinker statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object depict an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object depict a lion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Little Mermaid statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a famous landmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a zoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dinosaur statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object depict a mammal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object depict a bear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How tall is the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 5 feet tall.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a dog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a cow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a deer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a cat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of an elephant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a pig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a sheep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a goat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object depict a carnivore?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a wolf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a tiger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a leopard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a jaguar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a fox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a raccoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a skunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a monkey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a rabbit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a squirrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a mouse?	Oracle said: No.
textbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 7-10 inches wide.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: The primary use of the object is to provide information or knowledge.	Guesser said: Does the object have pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose, like a tool or a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to transportation in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object I am thinking of can range from a few square meters to over 100 square meters.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to control or guide the flow of traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of sign, such as a billboard or a road sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of infrastructure related to rail transportation, such as a railroad track or a train station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of infrastructure related to air transportation, such as a runway or a helipad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of related to transportation?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used in transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of infrastructure related to water transportation, such as a dock or a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object I am thinking of is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sail, such as the sail of a sailboat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a sailboat sail. ?	racle said: Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping or twisting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill bit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an awl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanding block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a putty knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cultivator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gardening fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gardening tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook used for climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grappling hook?	Oracle said: No.
sweater,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose, like keeping warm or protecting from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a parasol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of head or neck warmer, such as a balaclava or a neck gaiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object I am thinking of is wool.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim that goes all the way around the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have earflaps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a top hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive shape or style that is associated with a particular culture or region?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fez?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kippah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sombrero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tam o' shanter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Ushanka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taqiyah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaucho hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowler hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newsboy cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a historical significance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tri-corner hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a petasos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pileus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Phrygian cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glengarry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kepi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shako?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a busby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bearskin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a symbolic or ceremonial significance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mitre?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zucchetto?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a biretta?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camauro?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a galero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a papal tiara?	Correct.
mirror,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean any part of the body other than the teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the teeth, but is not a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or apply something that is used for personal grooming or hygiene, such as toothpaste, shampoo, or soap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding toothpaste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in the process of personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: The object is used to inspect and admire oneself.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument or a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio or cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power transmission tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a silo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipeline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large piece of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam or girder?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used in construction?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used in a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose or function of the large metal beam?	Oracle said: The purpose or function of the object is to hold something up high.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used to hold up power lines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used to hold up antennas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used to hold up lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used to hold up a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal beam used to hold up a flag?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for construction or excavation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for generating power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of vehicle, but not used for transportation of people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How big is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is generally around 10-20 feet tall and about 1-2 feet wide.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pump or compressor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of windmill or wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of water tower or storage tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a streetlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
incubator,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a profession or a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a multimeter. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a medical or scientific field?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pulse oximeter.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object require calibration before use?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to mix or blend something?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an insulin pump.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Does the object use centrifugal force?	Oracle said: yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a centrifuge. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a rotor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to separate liquids of different densities?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 2-4 feet in length.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a microscope again.?	Oracle said: no .	er said: Is the object used to analyze or process biological samples?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Does the object require a vacuum to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a lyophilizer?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a chromatography system?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a temperature control system?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a thermocycler.?	Oracle said: no .	Does the object have a robotic or automated component?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an automated DNA sequencer.?	Oracle said: No.	: Does the object use a laser to analyze samples?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a component that rotates or spins?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object used for cell culture?	Oracle said: yes.	d: Does the object have a CO2 incubation component?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a CO2 incubator?	Correct.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a fire or heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corkscrew?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hedge clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ratchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or workbench?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plier wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an adjustable wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basin wrench?	Oracle said: No.
yacht,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object that you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically between 20 to 100 meters in length.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object is fiberglass.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of passengers that the object can carry?	Oracle said: The typical number of passengers that the object can carry is between 2 and 20 people.	Guesser said: Is the object a catamaran?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monohull sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trimaran?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keelboat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a daysailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruiser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a racer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sloop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ketch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a schooner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a luxury sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a superyacht?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailing superyacht?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a draft of less than 6 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a beam of less than 10 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mast height of over 30 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a custom built sailing superyacht?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object built by a well known shipyard such as Perini Navi, Oceanco, Royal Huisman, or Vitters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object built by Perini Navi?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a length of over 50 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Maltese Falcon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Sybaris?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Seahawk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the State of Grace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Panthalassa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Clan VIII?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Felicita West?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Salperton IV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Badis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Rosehearty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Asahi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the year the object was launched?	Oracle said: I am not answering those questions.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailing yacht built by Perini Navi with a length of over 50 meters?	Correct.
cannon,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a bridge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a generator. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a merry-go-round.?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be ridden?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of is large.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily for outdoor entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a Ferris wheel.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is an amusement park roller coaster.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object you are thinking of make noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object you are thinking of commonly found at a carnival or fair?	Oracle said: No.	 next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a movie projector.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is cylindrical with a rounded end and a flared end.	ser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a loudspeaker.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific type of outdoor entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of made of more than one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object you are thinking of used in a competitive event?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's size in terms of height and width?	Oracle said: The object's height is about 5-6 feet and the width is about 4-5 feet.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 100 and 5000 kilograms.	ser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a cannon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you can press?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an mp3 player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kazoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of doll or action figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeaky toy, such as a rubber chicken or a whoopee cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of puzzle toy, such as a Rubik's cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spinning top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stuffed animal with a built-in sound device, such as a teddy bear that plays music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pull-string toy, such as a pull-string puppet or a pull-string music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wind-up toy, such as a wind-up car or a wind-up robot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy car or other vehicle with moving wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy that is meant to be thrown, such as a ball or a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to shoot something out of it.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object shoot foam darts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Rival series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf N-Strike series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Modulus series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Elite series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Zombie Strike series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Rebelle series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Doomlands series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blaster from the Nerf Alien Menace series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material is used for the darts that the object shoots?	Oracle said: The darts are made of a type of paper or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's moving parts?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object's moving parts is to create a loud noise and propel a small projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that is designed for outdoor play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 6-12 inches in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that is commonly used in backyard games or activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that is often used in games of tag or other team-based games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that is designed for use by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the user load the darts into the object?	Oracle said: The user loads the darts into the object by placing the dart into a chamber.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clip or magazine that holds multiple darts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that is popular among kids and is often used in Nerf battles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf blaster that is designed for rapid-fire shooting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-shot blaster that requires the user to reload after each shot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive shape or design that sets it apart from other Nerf blasters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf blaster that is designed to resemble a real firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bright or bold color scheme?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf blaster that is part of a specific theme or series, such as the Nerf Fortnite series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf blaster that is popular among kids and is often featured in online reviews and videos?	Oracle said: No.
streetcar,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a machine or device with moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people within a city.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a subway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tram?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object you are thinking of primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of primarily made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of primarily made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of powered?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is powered by electricity.	Guesser said: What is the source of the electricity that powers the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Overhead wires.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a light rail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical gauge of the tracks that the object you are thinking of uses?	Oracle said: The typical gauge of the tracks that the object I am thinking of uses is 1435 mm.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tram that is commonly found in Europe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tram that is commonly found in Germany?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Straenbahn?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce an intense beam of light by amplifying light through stimulated emission.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or health-related field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement or calculation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to operate it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garage door opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the vehicle in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car alarm.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve the performance or safety of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a radar detector.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to monitor or track something related to the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a GPS device.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide real-time information or data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to vehicle maintenance or upkeep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tire pressure gauge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to diagnose or identify a problem with the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean or wash the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the vehicle from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the vehicle's tires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the vehicle's engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the vehicle's fuel system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the vehicle's electrical system?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a battery tester.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to charge the vehicle's battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or plug?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a block heater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide power to an accessory or device in the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide power to the vehicle itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to regulate or control the flow of electricity in the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the vehicle's electrical system from damage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to test or inspect the vehicle's electrical system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a relay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a circuit breaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific ampere rating?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an automotive fuse holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect or disconnect a circuit in the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to split or divide electrical power in the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.
snowmobile,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 8 and 12 feet in length.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary purpose of the object I am thinking of is transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have two wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have four wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have more than four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of run on a track or rail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many people can the object you are thinking of typically transport at one time?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can typically transport one person at a time.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an amusement park ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a steering mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a monorail car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a roller coaster car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a subway car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a funicular car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a chain or rope mechanism to help it move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chairlift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a gondola lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an elevator car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mine cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of typically travel at a slow speed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mine train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a roller coaster car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of typically travel along a circular or oval path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a railroad handcar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a maintenance vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rail-bound vehicle used for recreation or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.
phone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a backrest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bleacher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stadium seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a porch swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a park bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree stump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a log?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throne?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teeter totter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a merry go round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by more than one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for both recreational and functional purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane seat?	Correct.
limousine,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a family car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a police car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used to control temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: It is used to control temperature in its environment.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a thermostat. ?	racle said: Correct.
spacecraft,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of is typically measured in meters.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides shelter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves as a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a carport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found near a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bunker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spacecraft?	Correct.
videotape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a Gameboy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a remote control.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is an alarm clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a cordless phone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for functional purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a electric toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound or noise when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a computer mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating or spinning part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a drill.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that can be done by hand without the object, but the object makes the task easier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanism to apply pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a eggbeater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a whisk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves turning or twisting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that can be adjusted or changed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is often done daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a hair clipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a small motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task that involves the hands and fingers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a back scratcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that can be frustrating if done without the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, I think the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring or elastic part?	Oracle said: No.
jukebox,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What size is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is large enough that it needs to be placed on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an arcade game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinball machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console that is connected to a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a home theater system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that are used to interact with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an exercise machine that has a screen and is used for entertainment, such as a stationary bike or a treadmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a coin slot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object I am thinking of can vary.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to detect and record vibrations and movements of the Earth.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a seismograph?	Oracle said: Correct.
