spacesuit,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you're thinking of something that can be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object grow on a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that occurs naturally in the environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a desert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in or near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hard?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical attribute?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: That information is not requested.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: A bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people wear on their feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: You are not allowed to answer that.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes that are not found in other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
gauze,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical presence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: I'm not responding to that.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Irregular.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for functional purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Does the object grow in the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or fungus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object occur naturally?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct taste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object occur in the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of competition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that is related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Architectural.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for functional purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: I'm not saying.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical presence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a category of things?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes that are unusual or distinctive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a category that is related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that is primarily functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive sound or smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific environment or location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a definite physical location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Does the object have a definite physical location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: I'm not answering that.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical presence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a location?	Oracle said: Correct.
incubator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object exist in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Correct.
lever,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical attributes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: I'm not responding to that.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of structure?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical attribute that can be perceived with one of the five senses?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetcar,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowmobile,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
limousine,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: I'm not responding to that.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Correct.
videotape,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,1,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical presence?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Correct.
