abacus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a building or a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an art or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping or smoothing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a trade that involves working with your hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying pressure or force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an electrician?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a mechanic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves turning or rotating something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a socket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to turn or rotate a part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a plumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object mounted to a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to turn or rotate a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a faucet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the movement of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift or move something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of mostly metal and has a wooden or plastic handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a person who works with their hands in a creative field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pottery wheel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or form a material?	Oracle said: No.
accordion,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a precise or delicate task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting or fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bicycle tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating or spinning part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pocket knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for camping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of axe or hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or workbench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity that involves a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wheelbarrow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves a large area of land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves a team or group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive event or tournament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a golf cart.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a stick or bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves physical contact or collision?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves speed or racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific geographic region?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in Europe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal and wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in Asia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a horse?	Oracle said: No.
album,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for indoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a creative activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a maraca.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a xylophone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a musician to create a specific sound effect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a music box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be blown into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys or buttons that you press to create sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a kazoo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you strum or pluck to create sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ukulele.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a guitar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a mandolin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically played with a pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a banjo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of instrument that originated in South America?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a balalaika.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have four strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is an autoharp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of instrument that is often played in a folk music setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dulcimer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of instrument that is often played by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a lap harp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a lyre.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a round body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically played while being held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a lute.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of instrument that is often used in classical music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bouzouki.?	Oracle said: No.
altar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skyscraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stadium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Eiffel Tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Statue of Liberty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Christ the Redeemer statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue of a famous person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a war memorial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a modern sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a mythical creature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of an abstract shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a building or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Arc de Triomphe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale model of a famous building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument that serves as a gateway or entrance to a city or location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument that serves as a symbol or representation of a city or location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument that serves as a tribute or memorial to a person, event, or idea?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a famous building that no longer exists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a replica of a famous building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a building that is located in the city where the object is typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a building that serves a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a government building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a building that is used for a cultural or educational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a building that is used for a commercial purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a public area that is easily accessible to the general public?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture of a building that serves a functional purpose, such as a utility or service building?	Oracle said: No.
anchor,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a bicycle helmet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to improve performance or enhance an experience in the sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to the sport of tennis?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to guess that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object used in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used in the sport of running?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used in water?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion from water?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a scuba diving regulator.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational water activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used while swimming?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to improve a person's ability to swim?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a water sport that involves a board?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a snorkel.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used in a pool?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in open water, such as a lake or ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an anchor?	Correct.
anklet,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a metal figurine?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a metal vase?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a silver picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a silver candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a silver ring?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a jewelry box?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a silver necklace?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a silver earring?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of jewelry is the object?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a silver locket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a silver pendant?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location where the object is worn?	Oracle said: On the ankle.	esser said: Is the object a silver ankle chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object the silver ankle chain that Oracle is thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the silver object that Oracle is thinking of an ankle bracelet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the silver object that Oracle is thinking of the one I am trying to guess?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a silver anklet?	Correct.
anvil,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a musical instrument. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object require a hammer or other tool to be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to metalworking?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is an anvil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
apron,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the head or neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands or feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from the cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from an external hazard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bulletproof vest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from a chemical or biological hazard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from a physical hazard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from cuts or punctures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from an environmental hazard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from insects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from dust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dust mask.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from pollen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from other airborne particles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an allergy mask.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from mold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from pet dander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a waterproof fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from smoke?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from paint fumes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by people who work outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from fiberglass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from asbestos?	Oracle said: No.
armchair,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an office chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folding chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an armchair?	Correct.
armoire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walk-in closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a linen closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tall linen closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object taller than 5 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object taller than 6 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a linen closet that is 6 feet tall?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object 7 feet tall?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object 8 feet tall?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the linen closet typically located in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes .	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located near a door in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of pine wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of oak wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located near a window in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located in a corner of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located near a dresser in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located near a bed in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located in the center of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located between two beds in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the linen closet typically located near a bathroom door in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located near a hallway in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically located near an entrance to the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of cherry wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of maple wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the function of the linen closet in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the linen closet used for storing bed sheets and towels?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the linen closet used for storing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the linen closet typically made of a material other than wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically made of a dark wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically made of a light wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the function of the linen closet in relation to the bedroom's decor?	Oracle said: The linen closet is used to store linens.	ser said: Is the linen closet used to add style to the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the linen closet typically made of a wood with a distinctive grain?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the linen closet typically made of walnut wood?	Oracle said: No.
armor,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a precise or delicate task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a horse shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a veterinarian?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for handling or restraining an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a barn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for riding an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task related to animal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something related to an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a saddle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a horse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of armor.	Guesser said: I think the object is a spur.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of armor that protects a specific part of a horse's body?	Correct.
arms,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a medical professional?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a tradesperson?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drill.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a socket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a bolt or a nut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ratchet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a significant amount of force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bolt cutter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a pipe or a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tap and die set.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves threading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or forming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal file.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves smoothing or polishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves bending?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal bender.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved or angled shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves electrical work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves metalwork?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal shear.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves folding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hydraulic press.?	Oracle said: No.
artifact,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for playing games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld video game system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a gaming console?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory for a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of controller for a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game that is played with a controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used with multiple gaming consoles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a joystick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for playing fighting games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for playing first-person shooter games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gun controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is held in the player's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is connected to a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to enhance the gaming experience?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to play games on a PC?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to play games on multiple platforms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to play games on a TV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to play games with a controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to play games with a keyboard and mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to play games on a console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to play games on multiple types of devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to enhance the sound of games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to enhance the visual experience of games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to play games with friends?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to play games with friends online?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gaming device that is used to play games with friends in the same room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of card game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.
ashcan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or eating food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish soap bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dustpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored under the sink in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool used to clean countertops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific area of the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of polish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an air freshener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chemical cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of odor eliminator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eliminate odors in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking soda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an odor-absorbing product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of powder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of charcoal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of silica gel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near the trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.
ashtray,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a medical or health field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose rather than decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a vacuum cleaner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a desk or office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pencil holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or carry papers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store something that serves a functional purpose in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a consumable product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something that is used to clean or wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an office worker to perform a task related to their job?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or secure something on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a desk clamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than 50% metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a metal desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store small items on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a metal business card holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store items that are used frequently by someone sitting at a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pen holder made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store writing utensils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store desk accessories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store something that is used for a specific task on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.
asphalt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment, such as a game, toy, or musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or athletic activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material, such as wood, cotton, or leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored or kept?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used by a medical professional?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by an artist or craftsman?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for measuring or quantifying something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by a landscaper or groundskeeper?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pruning shear?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the primary material the object is made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a cultivator?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hoe?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the primary material the object is made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the primary material the object is made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the primary material the object is made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a chainsaw?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the primary material the object is made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the primary material the object is made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the primary material the object is made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a plow?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a harrow?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to plant something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove something from the ground?	Oracle said: No.
awning,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's exterior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a function to the exterior of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of step or stairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that allows for airflow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioning unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grille?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soffit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of downspout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that serves as a barrier or shield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on most houses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that protects the house from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flashing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent water damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent water from entering the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent water from accumulating near the foundation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically installed by a professional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to direct water away from the foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent water from seeping into the foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent erosion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent settling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near a corner of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to protect the corner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to prevent damage from weathering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to protect it from wind-driven rain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exterior wall feature that is attached to the house to protect it from weathering and is typically made of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: No.
axe,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is nail clippers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is wire cutters.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through thick materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is bolt cutters.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut chains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hacksaw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut pipes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a saw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weightlifting bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of free weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stationary bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a home gym system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a home gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pull-up bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leg press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment that is often bolted to the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a squat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smith machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an exercise machine that has a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of stairs or stairmaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can jump on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bar that you can hold onto?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a home gym system that allows you to do multiple exercises?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hang from?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chin-up bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment that is often used for core exercises?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for strength training?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for flexibility or stretching exercises?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment that is often used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment that is often used in commercial gyms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in a home gym?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be used while sitting down?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment that targets the core muscles?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object an exercise ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something you can sit on?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hyperextension bench?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a roman chair?	Oracle said: No.
backpack,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of textile product used for comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain or a drapery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth or a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of upholstery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for a specific task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is usually kept?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used to cover or wrap something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used for a decorative purpose, but not a wall hanging or a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is used to make a specific type of item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used while sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used while sitting on a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Correct.
bag,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk drawer organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Correct.
bagpipe,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a specific type of entertainment, such as music, reading, or games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for listening to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oboe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piccolo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a French horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an English horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a contrabassoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bagpipe?	Correct.
ball,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Correct.
balloon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object related to a child's toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for creative expression?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a doll.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object related to modeling or sculpting?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is playdough.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used primarily by children for creative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object related to a specific type of creative activity?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used with other objects as part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	My guess is that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	s the object related to imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	y guess is that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to create a specific type of art or craft?	Oracle said: No.	s the object commonly used by children to create stories or scenarios?	Oracle said: No.	guess is that the object is a figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	oes the object have a distinct sound or noise associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a whistle.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to create music or make sounds?	Oracle said: No.	 the object related to a type of performance or show?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a puppet.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used by children to engage in role-playing?	Oracle said: No.	the object related to a type of costume or accessory?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a mask.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used to create a specific type of atmosphere or mood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toy box or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a distinctive smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily for indoor play?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a bubble machine.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to create a sense of excitement or surprise?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Does the object have a bright or bold color?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object related to a type of celebration or party?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a piata.?	Oracle said: No.
bandage,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size, is it larger than a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to decorate a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pillowcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose rather than a decorative one?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific task or function related to sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to organization or tidiness in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a laundry bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell or scent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tissue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper handkerchief.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sanitary napkin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap small items, such as gifts or candies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper tissue wrapper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a daily routine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap or cover a personal item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper wrapper for a personal care item.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a medical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a band-aid.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bandanna,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat or jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something a firefighter would wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headgear other than a helmet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headgear that covers the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headgear that covers the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headgear that is worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that provides thermal insulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire-resistant scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf that is commonly worn by firefighters as part of their uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that is also known as a "firefighter's neck roll" or "firefighter's neck protector"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that is also known as a " Nomex scarf"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf known as a "fire-resistant neck gaiter"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf known as a "firefighter's neck warmer"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that firefighters wear to protect their neck from the heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf known as a "firefighter's uniform scarf"?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that is part of a firefighter's dress uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that is part of a firefighter's bunker gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that is part of a firefighter's personal protective equipment (PPE)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of scarf that is commonly worn by firefighters in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.
banjo,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a group setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play classical music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Correct.
banner,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for listening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically displayed on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a print.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a quilt. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I guess the object is an embroidery.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to decorate a specific area of a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to decorate a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a curtain.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object attached to the wall or window frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I guess the object is a valance.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to block out light?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to add color or pattern to a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I guess the object is a swag.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a distinctive shape or design?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I guess the object is a cornice.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object typically made of a stiff or rigid fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I guess the object is a pelmet.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have a functional purpose in addition to being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object used to control the amount of light entering a room?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed above a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I guess the object is a lambrequin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a rod or other structural element?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I guess the object is a festoon.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically used in formal or traditional settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I guess the object is a lambrequin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a decorative trim or edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a lambrequin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of textile decoration that is attached to a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I guess the object is a lambrequin.?	Oracle said: No.
barbell,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: In what type of location is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for an individual sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a racket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for golf?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for archery?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a string?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of club?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for throwing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for fencing?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a special case or bag when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of sword?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to martial arts?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a precision sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of knife?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a winter sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a target?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves speed?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a part that can be adjusted or customized?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for water sports?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: Gyms and homes.	ser said: Is the object used for exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a dumbbell.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use at home?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a home gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for strength training?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of weight?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a kettlebell. ?	racle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for both upper and lower body exercises?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: My guess is that the object is a barbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbwire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a profession or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or forming something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is typically done outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a pencil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for pruning or trimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging or excavating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed or garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trowel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves soil or dirt in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is typically done by a gardener or landscaper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cultivator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves preparing soil for planting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves maintaining or caring for plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rake.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves watering plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is protected from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves removing weeds or debris?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is typically done on a regular basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lawn aerator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves improving the appearance of a lawn or garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is essential for the health of plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves supporting or stabilizing plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measuring or monitoring plants?	Oracle said: No.
baseboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of room or area is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: I am not allowed to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a home maintenance or repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with the hands, but not held in the palm of the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves turning or rotating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves pounding or tapping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or a container with other objects like it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves gripping or clamping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific type of material, such as wood or pipes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a pipe cutter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a nail.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or smoothing wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves assembling or joining wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a staple.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for driving nails or other fasteners into wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a clamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding or securing wood in place while it is being worked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves attaching or fastening two pieces of wood together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a wood screw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves creating a hole or a cavity in wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves removing or taking apart a wooden structure or joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a wood glue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves reinforcing or strengthening a wooden joint or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves creating a decorative or aesthetic feature in wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a wood carving tool.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating a specific type of decorative feature, such as a pattern or a design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for adding a finish or a texture to wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a nail set.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying a finish, such as a stain or a varnish, to wood?	Oracle said: No.
basin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishrag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish scrubber with a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding Q-tips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding toothpicks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding bobby pins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding cotton balls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding small bathroom items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding small bathroom items that is attached to the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding small bathroom items that is attached to the wall near the shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding razors?	Oracle said: No.
basket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or charging to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to process or transform food in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cutting board.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with food at a specific stage of preparation, such as during cooking or after cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used after food is cooked?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cloth or fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to serving or presenting food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plate or dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion out food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a plant-based material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single, primary function related to serving or handling food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to handle or serve hot foods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a placemat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with cold or room-temperature foods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle fruits or vegetables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fruit bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle a specific type of food, such as salad or dessert?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle salad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a type of tree or wood product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden salad tongs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle dessert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle fruit, such as a fruit platter or fruit tray?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden fruit tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle fruit in a specific way, such as slicing or coring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lemon squeezer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle citrus fruits, such as oranges or lemons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle apples or other types of fruit that are often sliced or served in wedges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an apple slicer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or handle fruit in a way that makes it easy to eat or serve, such as a fruit wedge or slice?	Oracle said: Yes.
bassinet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bedding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a quilt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be washed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically covered with a sheet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a mattress cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is filled with down or feathers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a duvet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bed skirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in addition to being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coverlet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dust ruffle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to keep warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a throw blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sleeping bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly used in conjunction with a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sham.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used as a decorative element on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bolster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can provide support or comfort while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a body pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be filled with polyester fiberfill?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pillowcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically placed on top of a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a mattress topper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to make a bed look more inviting or cozy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bedspread.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves as a layer of bedding between the sheet and the blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a top sheet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to add color or texture to a bed?	Oracle said: No.
bath,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for washing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Correct.
bathrobe,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides a service or comfort to people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blanket. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that people sleep on?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that people wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a nightgown. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing that serves a specific purpose, such as warmth or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a robe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bathtub,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a kitchen or food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Correct.
baton,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by children under the age of 10?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of game or puzzle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Rubik's Cube.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanism that allows it to change shape or form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a cartoon or animated character?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a kaleidoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom or playroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a competitive activity or sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a top.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require assembly or setup before use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a deck of cards.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a activity that involves strategy or skill?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a standardized size or shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a activity that can be played by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pinball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces that are connected together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rope or string component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a activity that involves speed or timing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stopwatch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive activity that is popular among teenagers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a activity that involves throwing or catching?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a baseball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or cavity in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a activity that is often played in a school or gym setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dodgeball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a activity that involves teams?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a volleyball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or bright color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a basketball.?	Oracle said: No.
bayonet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a task related to water?	Oracle said: No.	said: My guess is that the object is a pruning saw.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used primarily with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to shape or form something?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used to secure or fasten something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten objects together?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to secure something to the ground?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something to a building?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten a gate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten a door?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fence post.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten an animal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something to prevent it from being moved or taken?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a chain.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten a large object, such as a trailer or a boat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something to the ground to prevent it from being moved by wind?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for anchoring?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for securing or fastening a load?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a specific location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something to prevent theft?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something to prevent damage?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an anchor.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten a heavy load?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of clamp?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.
bead,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in the morning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for health or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a telephone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that is not essential?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a decorative figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a musical instrument.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sculpting tool.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to color or paint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a marker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a specific type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a brush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a three-dimensional art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a specific type of craft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knitting needle.?	Oracle said: No.
beaker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: You did not ask a Yes or No question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object allows it to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a liquid that is applied to the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jug with a handle and a lid that is used to hold and pour a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is used to hold and pour a liquid, and is typically made of plastic, and has a handle and a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is used to hold and pour a liquid, and is typically made of plastic, and has a handle and a lid, and is used for a specific type of liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a juice container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is used to hold and pour a liquid, and is typically made of plastic, and has a handle and a lid, and is used to hold a type of liquid that is consumed by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is used to hold and pour a liquid, and is typically made of plastic, and has a handle and a lid, and is used for a type of liquid that is not consumed by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the basement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the attic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.
beanie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flower pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed or garage when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object biodegradable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of leaf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of branch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pinecone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mulch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of compost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of walking stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a campfire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of firewood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a single piece of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gourd?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the feet?	Oracle said: No.
bed,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water treatment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator or power plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a commercial space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or fitness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Correct.
bedding,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a king-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a twin-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a room?	Oracle said: On a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a queen-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of furniture is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a bedroom?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a murphy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loft bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trundle bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a captain's bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an adjustable bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foldable bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a single bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a memory foam mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an innerspring mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hybrid mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress pad?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the fitted sheet on the bed you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the fitted sheet on a single bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the fitted sheet on the bed you originally said was a single bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the fitted sheet on the bed that is not a king-sized bed, not a queen-sized bed, not a full-sized bed, not a twin-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the fitted sheet on the bed that is actually a twin-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the fitted sheet on the bed that is actually a full-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.
bedpan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pillow. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to support a part of the body while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object placed under the body while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object designed to cradle a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bed wedge.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bed rail.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a bed frame.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to elevate a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a bed riser.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object filled with air?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used to provide support for the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a bed rest.?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object designed to be used under the legs while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	My guess is that the object is a leg spacer.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object typically placed at the foot of the bed?	Oracle said: No.	y guess is that the object is a footboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to support the legs while in bed, specifically to alleviate pressure on the lower back?	Oracle said: No.	y guess is that the object is a body pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to support the legs while in bed to improve circulation?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a leg pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to support the legs while in bed to alleviate strain on the hips?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a knee pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to support the legs while in bed to alleviate strain on the knees?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a wedge pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to support the legs while in bed to keep them straight?	Oracle said: No.	guess is that the object is a bed pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to support the legs while in bed to keep them elevated?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a leg elevator.?	Oracle said: No.
bedpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item that can be placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object decorative and made of metal and found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a metal decorative item that serves no functional purpose other than decoration in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a secondary function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.
bell,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the percussion instrument you are thinking of typically stored in a protective case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a drum.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tambourine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a maraca?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of percussion instruments does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a castanet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shaker instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bongo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be played by shaking it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a marimba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be played by slapping it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be played by tapping it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or other flat surface when played?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cowbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is played by tapping it with a mallet or stick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that produces a ringing or resonating sound when played?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a glockenspiel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used in orchestras?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a timpani?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically played by a percussionist in an orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a vibraphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unique sound when played?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a tubular bell?	Correct.
bench,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people sit on, aside from a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Correct.
beret,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newsboy cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowler hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a Gambler hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a top hat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a Ushanka hat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: The object is a Fisherman hat.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a beret?	Correct.
bib,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to consume a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic straw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to consume hot beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to eat or drink something sweet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an ice cream cone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic wrap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is typically served cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a popsicle stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a donut hole container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat a specific type of sweet food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drink a sweet beverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound or noise associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the mouth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a candy wrapper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is typically eaten or drunk by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a juice box straw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific type of food or drink that is often served at parties or celebrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often eaten or drunk as a snack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chip bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often eaten or drunk on-the-go?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snack packaging.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often eaten or drunk at the beach or at a pool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coconut shell.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often associated with summer or warm weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often eaten or drunk at a specific time of day?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a breakfast container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often eaten or drunk in the afternoon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an afternoon snack container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink something that is often eaten or drunk at a specific event or occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a party favor.?	Oracle said: No.
bicycle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bike?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mountain bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a road bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bike that is often rented?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bike that is often used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruiser bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hybrid bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a tandem bike?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a BMX bike?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a recumbent bike?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made mostly of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a folding bike?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a fixed gear bike?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object's frame?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object's frame is metal.	esser said: Is the object's seat height adjustable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a tricycle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have more than two wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a vehicle with four wheels?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Does the object have a basket or a container to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a pedicab?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical location when in use?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used primarily for racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a velodrome bike?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored indoors when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a time trial bike?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a time trial bike used in the Tour de France?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a track bike?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object made mostly of carbon fiber?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of bike that is designed for speed?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for triathlons?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a triathlon bike?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a road bike used in triathlons?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object a mountain bike used in triathlons?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used for both on-road and off-road triathlons?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Does the object have a derailleur?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a cyclocross bike?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreation in a park?	Oracle said: Yes.
bifocals,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to correct vision.	Guesser said: Is the object used for distance vision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a table or nightstand.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyeglass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the frame made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of reading glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have two lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of prescription glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses with plastic frames and metal hinges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of prescription bifocal glasses with plastic frames and metal hinges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of reading bifocal glasses with plastic frames and metal hinges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of progressive bifocal glasses with plastic frames and metal hinges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges and nose pads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads and two lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and a case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges and nose pads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads and two lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and used by only one person and stored in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading and used by only one person?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads and two lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and used for reading books?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically placed when not being used for reading?	Oracle said: On a table or in a case.	esser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading and stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and stored on a table when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to magnify text?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading and have a magnifying function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses and have a +1.5 magnification power?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading, made in the United States and have a magnifying function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading and have a brand name?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading, have a brand name and used by people over 40?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading, have a brand name and used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of bifocal reading glasses with plastic frames, metal hinges, nose pads, two lenses, used for reading, have a brand name and typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.
bin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store food such as a Glad or Ziploc container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store dry goods such as flour, sugar, or coffee?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic coffee container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store flour.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used to store sugar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store coffee creamer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used to store spices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store cereal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a pantry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store oatmeal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pouring spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used to store tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store rice.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of food that is often baked?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store cookies.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made by a well-known brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a generic plastic container used to store food.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of food that is often used as an ingredient in recipes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store crackers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often eaten by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often eaten at parties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store nuts.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often served at parties as a dip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often served at parties as an appetizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store popcorn.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often served at parties in a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often served at parties on a platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store pretzels.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often paired with a dip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of snack food that is often served at sporting events?	Oracle said: Yes.
binder,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to store small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for a craft?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a tackle box?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a sewing box?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a bead container?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a button box?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for knitting or crocheting?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to store items that are used for painting?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to store items that are used for drawing?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used to store items that are used for scrapbooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a container used to store scrapbooking supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a plastic storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a small plastic container used to store small scrapbooking items?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a plastic case used to store scrapbooking tools?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object usually stored in a specific room of the house where scrapbooking often takes place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object usually stored in a home office or craft room?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a plastic storage container used to store scrapbooking paper?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a small plastic container used to store small items like buttons, or ribbons used in scrapbooking?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to store items that are used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a plastic container used to store stickers?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a plastic container used to store die-cuts?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a plastic container used to store other scrapbooking embellishments?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a plastic container used to store small items that are used to decorate scrapbook pages?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves creativity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a plastic container used to organize and store items used for a craft that involves paper?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a container used to store items used for card making?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a plastic storage container used to store greeting cards?	Oracle said: No.
binoculars,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a football.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a golf club.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tennis racket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lacrosse stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jai alai cesta.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a winter sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of skis.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a water sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a surfboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of fencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a foil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of gymnastics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a balance beam.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of track and field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shot put.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrestling singlet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mouthguard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tape measure.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure speed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stopwatch.?	Oracle said: No.
birdbath,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of, is it a type of structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a public place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lamppost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of satellite dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of birdbath?	Correct.
blackboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the room it is located in?	Oracle said: It serves as a writing surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for dining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of room is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying decorative objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a console table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an end table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than 3 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a surface that can be written on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table with a hutch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer workstation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lectern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of wood that is often used to make furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of oak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for working?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a worktable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a craft table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.
blacktop,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle that has wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amusement park ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an all-terrain vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pogo stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Ferris wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sport equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.
blanket,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a room?	Oracle said: On a bed or couch.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket or throw?	Correct.
blazer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people sleep on or under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a dresser or nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make the bedroom look more appealing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be hung from the ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative accent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to organize a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to block sound or light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to add color or texture to a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used as a decorative element in a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to create a cozy atmosphere?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves as a decorative element and also provides comfort?	Oracle said: No.
blindfold,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to use it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in various places.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a golf club.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport that is played on a court?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of track and field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of archery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to propel the arrow in the sport of archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the archer in the sport of archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold the arrow in place before it is shot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an arrow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to draw the arrow back before it is shot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to aim the arrow before it is shot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to stabilize the arrow after it has been shot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry arrows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach the arrow to the bowstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the archer's fingers from the bowstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support the bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory used by the archer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an armguard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the archer's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to release the arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep the archer's fingers from getting pinched by the bowstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a finger tab.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help the archer aim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help the archer's release be more consistent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a release aid.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by all types of archers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help the archer's form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a target face.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by target archers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by 3D archers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.
blouse,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of clothing or accessory does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of bag or purse?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is tied or fastened around a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: How is the object typically fastened or tied around the part of the body it is worn on?	Oracle said: Typically.	esser said: Is the object a type of lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sock or hosiery?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tie?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is wrapped around the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of shawl?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn around the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: How does the object stay in place when it's wrapped around the torso?	Oracle said: The object stays in place by buttons.	sser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of blouse?	Correct.
boa,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an artistic pursuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plant material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of animal material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pet toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a pet accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the pet accessory?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to restrain the pet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a muzzle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a harness?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a halter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for walking the pet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for riding the pet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a large pet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a horse?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made from a single piece of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to lead or guide the pet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to provide identification for the pet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made in a standard size?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly used for dogs?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly used for cats?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a type of livestock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to provide support or protection for the pet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to train the pet?	Oracle said: No.
boat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for transportation on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a boat?	Correct.
bobsleigh,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stadium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a stadium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scoreboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of American football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of rugby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of cricket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grandstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a broadcast tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of horse racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity other than a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of field hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the equestrian sport of polo?	Oracle said: No.
bodice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lace bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of push-up bra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Victoria's Secret push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of padded push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seamless push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of silk push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of satin push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cotton push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nylon push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spandex push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of polyester push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of microfiber push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of push-up bra made from a blend of materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of push-up bra with underwire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of push-up bra with adjustable straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of push-up bra with a front closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a dresser drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is considered a standard or classic style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed to provide extra lift and cleavage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed to provide a natural look and feel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed to provide a smooth silhouette under clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed for everyday wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that has a decorative element, such as lace or embroidery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that has a specific brand name or label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed for a specific body type, such as petite or plus-size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed for a specific activity, such as running or yoga?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific section of the dresser drawer, such as the top or bottom drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed to be worn with a specific type of clothing, such as a dress or a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that has a specific type of strap, such as a halter or a racerback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that has a specific type of closure, such as a hook-and-eye or a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed to provide a specific type of support, such as medium or high impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a way that prevents it from getting damaged or wrinkled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the type of push-up bra that is designed to be hand-washed?	Oracle said: No.
bonnet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut or trim something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to style or shape hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add color or texture to hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold hair in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elastic band that holds hair in a ponytail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrunchie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep hair out of the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bobby pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory that is tied or fastened around a ponytail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn as a headband but also serves another purpose for hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be machine washed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth hair wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn around the head for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often worn for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn in different styles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat made of a thick material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a winter hat?	Oracle said: No.
book,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game or puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Correct.
bookcase,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a bookshelf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
booklet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a highlighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a business card holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on top of something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.
bookmark,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a book.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a card of some type?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a worksheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a test?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook supplement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Correct.
bookmarker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in an office?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a business card holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a specific location on the desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a standard pencil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mousepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper shredder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a three-ring binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a specific type of office supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight with a metal base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal and plastic scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler with a plastic and metal body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.
bookshelf,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In a living room or study.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Correct.
boomerang,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stuffed with material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a fictional character?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of craft material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a sandbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lacrosse stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is very hard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a field hockey stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made from a type of wood that has a distinctive grain pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made from hickory wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of softball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is protected from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball and a goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is often used for tool handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played on ice?	Oracle said: No.
boot,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object something that serves as a covering or wrap for something or someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: Boots are a type of footwear.	esser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a boot?	Correct.
bootie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object is most noticeable?	Oracle said: It is its small size.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be put under a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed beside a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves as a companion or a comfort object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to support or cradle the head or neck while sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be easily moved from one bed to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be washed or cleaned regularly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be squeezed or manipulated with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can provide warmth or comfort to a person while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be filled with a substance to provide warmth or comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used in other settings besides a bedroom, such as a living room or office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to relieve stress or anxiety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that can be compressed or squished?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stress ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be heated or warmed up before use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be microwaved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be filled with a warm liquid or gel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be filled with a type of grain or bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to soothe or calm a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to relieve pain or discomfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is commonly used for crafting or sewing projects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be made at home using common household materials?	Oracle said: No.
bootlace,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection of the head or face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily to protect the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a glove.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shoe. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I guess the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I guess the object is an insole.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object provide support as well as protection to the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is an arch support.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly used by people who engage in athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a football cleat.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a running shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I guess the object is a hiking boot.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object typically made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I guess the object is a work boot.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object have a low heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I guess the object is a dance shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object commonly used for walking?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I guess the object is a loafer.?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	 I guess the object is a moccasin.?	Oracle said: No.	 Does the object have a rubber sole?	Oracle said: No.	I guess the object is a dress shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used for a specific type of athletic activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess the object is a baseball shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used primarily for team sports?	Oracle said: No.	guess the object is a tennis shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used for an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	guess the object is a golf shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used for a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	guess the object is a cycling shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	he object used for a sport that involves running?	Oracle said: No.	uess the object is a wrestling shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	e object used for a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.
bottle,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Correct.
bow,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of American football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a bat or racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves throwing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves running?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a goal or target?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played with a ball and involves a goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a football helmet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in the sport of rugby?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a sport that has professional leagues?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a sport that is an Olympic sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of leather and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in the sport of volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a sport that has a large following?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific geographic region?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.
bowl,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold hot liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of earthenware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soup bowl?	Correct.
bowtie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be collected?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object something that can be traded?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of card?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	esser said: Is the object something that can be given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of figurine?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be personalized?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object expensive?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for comfort?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be displayed?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a specific smell?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that serves as a fashion accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of ring?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of necklace?	Oracle said: No.
box,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a metal part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed near a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on the counter near a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for coffee or tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for spices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for flour or sugar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for oil or vinegar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a type of food that is often stored on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a type of food that is often used for baking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a type of food that is often eaten as a snack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a type of food that is often used in cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a type of liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a type of solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cereal bin?	Oracle said: No.
bra,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or cooking in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cotton swab.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a dresser drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sanitary napkin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a cosmetic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a makeup wipe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something from the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add something to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a false eyelash.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object applied directly to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a band-aid.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is nail polish.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the fingernails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the toenails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is lipstick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used near the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the lips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to personal grooming or hygiene is to support and cover.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support and cover the breasts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bracelet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of copper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper penny.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper ring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to adorn the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to adorn the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional use beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper belt buckle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper pendant.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper earring back.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper keychain.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to time or timekeeping in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper locket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper zipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper button.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to adjust or modify the fit of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper rivet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to join or connect two things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper brooch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten or join two parts of clothing together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copper snap.?	Oracle said: No.
braces,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to straighten or align something.	Guesser said: Is the object used for straightening hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for straightening or aligning physical objects or parts, like a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function in a particular industry or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical or dental field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental instrument used for straightening or aligning teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an orthodontic tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dental retainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an orthodontist to straighten teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dental brace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bracket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply pressure to teeth to move them into alignment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is an archwire.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other orthodontic appliances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move teeth into alignment by applying continuous pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is an elastic band.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a molar band.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring-like quality to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a coil spring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct issues with tooth alignment or bite?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object custom-made for each patient?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is an expander.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a loop or a hook on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a separator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct a specific type of bite issue, such as an overbite or underbite?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct an overbite?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bite plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the upper teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Hawley retainer with a screw or an expander with a screw but since I already guessed the expander I will guess the object is a Hawley retainer with a screw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is cemented or bonded to the teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bonded retainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is commonly used in orthodontic treatment for children and adolescents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is used to correct a deep bite or overbite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is used to correct a crossbite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is used to correct an open bite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is used to correct a crowding issue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance that is used to correct a spacing issue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a spacer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to close a gap between teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a lingual bar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the molars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a transpalatal arch.?	Oracle said: No.
brassiere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a purse or a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying makeup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sanitary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tampon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to menstruation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials that include metal and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse or a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is not commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.
breadboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or heating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet or on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare or serve food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food preparation device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a George Foreman grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deep fryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air fryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric skillet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waffle iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bread maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rice cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a workshop or a laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object a soldering iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of copper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a still?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a distillation apparatus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crucible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bunsen burner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to heat substances to high temperatures?	Oracle said: No.
breadbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a basement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal locker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an aluminum cabinet used in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aluminum cabinet used in a home office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a dining room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room sideboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a china cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal display cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal curio cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aluminum wine cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than 5 feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal buffet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal serving cabinet?	Oracle said: No.
breastplate,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to safety, such as a helmet or a seatbelt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of armor or padding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bulletproof vest. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used to protect the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object have a hard outer shell?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a rib protector.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used in contact sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to protect the chest and abdomen?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a chest protector.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Does the object have padding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object used in American football?	Oracle said: Yes.	y guess is that the object is a football shoulder pad.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a type of armor worn under the shoulder pads?	Oracle said: No.	s the object worn under the jersey?	Oracle said: No.	guess is that the object is a football rib protector.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an art or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a food or drink item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to create something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to create a physical structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific step in the construction process?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for shaping or smoothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to drive nails?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is dry?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to mix or blend materials?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to grind or crush materials?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to cut materials?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found on a construction site?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to level surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply or spread materials?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of granite?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to shape concrete?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to finish or complete a task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to add a final layer or coating?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of marble?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to apply a layer of material to a surface?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create a specific texture or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a vertical position?	Oracle said: No.
briefcase,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a sports context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a task that needs to be done daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a tape dispenser. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to bind or attach things together?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to shred something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to tear something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a rotating part?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to perforate paper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a spring?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to organize or arrange papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have multiple parts that can be adjusted or rearranged?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or keep papers in a specific position or order?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a binder.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to keep papers from getting mixed up or disorganized?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have numbers or letters on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a paper tray.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to label or identify papers?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to separate or divide papers into different groups or sections?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary location where the object is used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct sound when it is used?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to store or hold a large quantity of papers?	Oracle said: Yes.
brochure,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container or holder of some sort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup or a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer or tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder or folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small tray for holding business cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper clip holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object placed on top of a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk calendar or planner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves as a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to divide a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a partition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides privacy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to display information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulletin board?	Oracle said: No.
broom,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toilet brush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to clean floors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a cleaning solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean small areas or crevices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dustpan and brush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a high shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean hard-to-reach areas, such as baseboards or windowsills?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vacuum cleaner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a handle or extension pole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean corners, stairs, or other tight spaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a feather duster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean areas that are difficult to access with larger cleaning tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scrub brush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific type of surface, such as carpets, upholstery, or countertops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a carpet cleaner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove dirt, dust, or debris from a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a broom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bucket,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cookware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dishware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soap or detergent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drain cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plunger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sink stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to clean or unclog drains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to clean a specific area of the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to clean the sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to clean the countertops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bottle brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of recycling bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bucket?	Correct.
bugle,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a creative or artistic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a musical instrument.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of the mouth to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of woodwind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a clarinet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have valves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cornet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullhorn,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a handheld video game.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of entertainment, such as a toy, a puzzle, or a type of game that is not electronic in the classical sense, like a video game, but still requires batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you can press to interact with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creative purposes, such as drawing, writing, or creating music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or a specific activity that people enjoy doing in their free time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose, rather than just being for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by professionals in a specific field or industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves manipulating or shaping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision or accuracy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a situation where safety is a concern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Geiger counter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a situation where the user needs to be aware of their surroundings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the user's body in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound or noise associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who work outdoors, such as construction workers or landscapers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a portable radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measuring or detecting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a situation where the user needs to communicate with others?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a microphone or speaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of two-way radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of communication, such as a megaphone or a public address system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a megaphone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
burlap,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a plant or gardening?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to the care of plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of fertilizer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to support plants as they grow?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to protect plants from harm?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of mulch?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is mulch. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect plants from weeds?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is landscaping fabric. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a tree guard.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of mesh?	Oracle said: No.	d: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a weed barrier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
button,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a computer mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk calendar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or keep track of papers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to write or draw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a calculator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to perform calculations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hole punch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ruler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten or join things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a glue stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach papers together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a binder clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach or connect cables or wires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten or join things together temporarily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or on a tray when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a push pin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten lightweight materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a staple.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves piercing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to join two things together along a edge or seam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to fasten or join papers together in a non-permanent way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a binder clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small and simple, and used for a very specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber band.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: No.
cabinet,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Correct.
camisole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the mouth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the nose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a band-aid. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the back?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the chest or stomach area?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a girdle.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for medical or therapeutic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to clothing or apparel in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a corset.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a jockstrap.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a thermal underwear top.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have an elastic component to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of underwear.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of undergarment that provides support to a specific area of the body?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn for athletic or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an athletic supporter.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sports bra.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.
cane,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to assist with walking.	esser said: Is the object a cane?	Correct.
canister,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Tupperware container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Glad container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is consumed hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Styrofoam cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store coffee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store tea?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tea cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store a single serving of tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tea container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a teapot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to carry tea from one place to another?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microwave safe container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of tea that is typically served at a specific temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic jug used to store iced tea.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of tea that is typically served in a large quantity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic carafe used to store hot tea.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic jug with a spout used to store and serve hot tea.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a commercial setting, such as a restaurant or cafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic pitcher used to store and serve hot tea.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic tea infuser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to brew tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container used to store tea bags.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare tea in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic tea strainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have holes in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic tea infuser with holes in it.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to strain loose-leaf tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic device used to squeeze tea from a tea bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the amount of tea leaves or tea bags used to make tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic tea ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with a single serving of tea?	Oracle said: No.
canoe,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically owned by an individual?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than 20 feet in length?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Correct.
canopy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amusement park ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of play structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a merry-go-round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground tunnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a play fort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a climbing wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an obstacle course?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an inflatable play structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water feature, such as a splash pad or a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of deck or patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shed or storage building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outdoor kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fire pit or outdoor fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outdoor heater or cooling system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific area of the yard, such as a corner or against a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garden or landscaping feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pond or water garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically installed by a professional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of outdoor lighting system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of irrigation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of statue or sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of topiary or hedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flower or plant arrangement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of stone?	Oracle said: No.
canteen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bottle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle that is disposable and used by only one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a cupboard or on a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in the refrigerator when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a recycling bin after use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid besides water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store soda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of carton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly consumed hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store coffee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store tea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of broth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any paper products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used for medicinal purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store milk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that has a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used in cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of sauce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used in Asian cuisine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any rubber parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used to make a type of soup?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of broth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored on a counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used to make a type of stew?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used in a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used to make a type of chili?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used in a type of recipe that is traditionally served at a holiday meal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used to make a type of gravy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a type of liquid that is commonly used in a type of recipe that is traditionally served at Thanksgiving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .
canvas,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for creative expression?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create visual art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a crayon. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of coloring book?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pastel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of colored pencil?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to create a specific type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object used to create a collage?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I think the object is a piece of construction paper.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a glue stick?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of tape?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I think the object is a magazine cutout?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that is cut from a magazine and used to create a collage?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a newspaper clipping?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is typically cut into shapes or forms to create a collage?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a scrap of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made from a type of paper that is colorful?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of paper that is textured?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to add a decorative element to a collage?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to add a three-dimensional element to a collage?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to add a shiny or reflective element to a collage?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that is used to add a natural element to a collage?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a leaf?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of flower or petal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of seed or pod?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in a garden or yard?	Oracle said: No.
cap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or hygiene in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vacuum cleaner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a life jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knee pad.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a football helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or athletic activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hockey helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lacrosse helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a softball helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in American football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rugby helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boxing helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet used in a professional sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played at the high school level?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet used in a sport that is part of the NCAA?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is part of the high school athletic association?	Oracle said: Yes.
capsule,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to health or wellness?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pill bottle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to improve physical health?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to treat a specific health condition?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an inhaler. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bandaid.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object require assembly before use?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a cotton swab.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to administer medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is an eye dropper.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to inject medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a syringe.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to inject insulin?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is an insulin pen.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a needle that is exposed?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is an insulin pump.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly used by people with diabetes to inject insulin?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is an insulin cartridge.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of device that holds insulin and has a spring-loaded mechanism to inject the insulin?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is an insulin vial.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of device that is prefilled with insulin and is disposable?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of device that has a dial or gauge to measure the dose of insulin?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is an insulin pen needle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a cap or cover to protect the needle?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a lancet.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used in conjunction with an insulin pen?	Oracle said: No.	said: My guess is that the object is a test strip.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to help people with diabetes monitor their blood glucose levels?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to help people with diabetes inject insulin more easily or safely?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a specific feature to help prevent accidental needle sticks?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically used at home?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object designed for use by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.
carafe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of cleaning solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of condiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of sauce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of syrup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of milk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of soda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of wine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of shampoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of dish soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of hand soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of laundry detergent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of ketchup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of mayonnaise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of mustard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in the refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of hot sauce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of salad dressing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a label with a picture on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the kitchen?	Oracle said: On a table or countertop.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of honey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of juice concentrate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of coffee creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of water purification tablets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of flavorings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of food coloring?	Oracle said: No.
cardigan,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a plant or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to the head or face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a type of uniform?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a crew neck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Correct.
carpet,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object an area rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a Persian rug?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a silk rug?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a wool rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a handmade wool rug?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a machine-made wool rug?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hand-tufted wool rug?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a natural fiber other than wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of jute?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made of sisal?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of seagrass?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In the living room.	ser said: Is the object a wall-to-wall rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a berber rug?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a synthetic fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of nylon?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to guess the object is a nylon area rug.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of polypropylene?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of carpet?	Correct.
carpetbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean or wipe something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly placed on a table or shelf for display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover or protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be easily moved from one room to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover an object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for an electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a dust cover for a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a furniture cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from dust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drop cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something that is typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rug cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a floor covering?	Oracle said: Yes.
carriage,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a forklift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road roller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dump truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically painted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a combine harvester?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backhoe loader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowplow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulldozer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trencher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.
cart,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on streets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a street sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people ride on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a structural purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a city?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that provides support?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a column?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object provide structural support to a building?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a telephone pole?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object an electrical pole?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a pole that holds something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in a fixed position?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.
cartwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily at night?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of golf club?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of bat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piece of sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found near a beach?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of pole?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for water sports?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of net?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for beach volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used for a sport that involves throwing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is being used?	Oracle said: It is typically outdoors.	esser said: Is the object a type of stationary bike?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of pull-up bar?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically used by someone who is standing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of treadmill?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of weightlifting equipment?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of exercise machine that targets the abdominal muscles?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of balance beam?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a specific function in the sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the sport of track and field?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of hurdle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by athletes to improve their performance?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of starting block?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the high jump?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the long jump?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the shot put?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by both male and female athletes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the discus throw?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the javelin throw?	Oracle said: No.
cashmere,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a sock. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a pullover sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of cardigan sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a cardigan.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of cardigan that is typically worn by women?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of cardigan that is typically worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of cardigan that is typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	r said: The object is a cardigan sweater that is unisex.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cashmere cardigan?	Correct.
casket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating or cooling device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: I will not answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store valuables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vault?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of titanium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of bronze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store important documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of zinc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of chromium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of an alloy that contains nickel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of an alloy that contains iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of an alloy that contains copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store large amounts of money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of an alloy that contains tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox made of an alloy that contains zinc?	Oracle said: No.
catalog,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fire extinguisher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toolbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a briefcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply force or pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vacuum cleaner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten or join something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a saw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a file folder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper tray.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil holder.?	Oracle said: No.
cauldron,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of metal cookware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron skillet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a cast iron frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron saucepan.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a cast iron kettle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron wok.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron griddle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron teapot.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron casserole dish?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron stockpot.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron double boiler?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron waffle iron.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron tortilla press?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron crepe pan.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron pizza stone?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron muffin tin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron bread loaf pan?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron cornbread pan.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron cake pan?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron Bundt pan.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron cookie sheet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron muffin top pan.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cast iron popover pan?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron trivet.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically hung from a hook when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cast iron hook.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.
ceiling,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or flower arrangement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of its decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skyscraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made for decorative purposes only?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of architectural feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of arch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of landmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stadium or arena?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of parking garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hotel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of office building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a large number of people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of museum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of library?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clock tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighthouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location fixed in one place?	Oracle said: Yes.
cello,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Correct.
cellophane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container, such as Tupperware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper or packaging for a type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a snack food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag of potato chips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a candy bar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Hershey's Milk Chocolate Bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Snickers bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Twix bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Kit Kat bar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:Is the object a Kit Kat bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Kit Kat Chunky bar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Kit Kat Chunky bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Kit Kat Chunky Peanut Butter bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a limited edition Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard US Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard UK Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object typically purchased at a retail store?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically purchased at a grocery store?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a standard Canadian Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper made of a flexible plastic, such as a wrapper for a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar sold in the UK, but not a standard UK Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper made of a flexible plastic, such as a wrapper for a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar sold in Australia?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to wrap things.	esser said: Is the primary function of the object to wrap a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a standard Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a promotional Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a single serving wrapper for a Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrapper for a single Kit Kat Chunky King Size bar that is part of a multi-pack?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object is used is in a kitchen or a grocery store.	sser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.
cement,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a job or occupation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a creative field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I will not answer that question as it is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hedge clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed or garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watering plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement mixer?	Correct.
chair,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Correct.
chairlift,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be ridden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that has wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found at an amusement park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Ferris wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chairlift?	Correct.
chalice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often placed on a counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea infuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal serving utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal serving pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cup?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal goblet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalice?	Correct.
chalkboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by artists?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a paintbrush. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for sculpting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to apply color?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a colored pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to mix colors?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by a specific type of artist, like a painter or a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I think the object is a pastel.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: I think the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used with paper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create a specific type of art, like a painting or a drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create a three-dimensional artwork?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create a two-dimensional artwork that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a marker.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by a professional artist?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to create realistic artwork?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in an art studio?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is an airbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply a large amount of color at once?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create detailed artwork?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to create abstract artwork?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a palette.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to create artwork that is meant to be displayed?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to create artwork that is meant to be used or functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that can be carved or shaped?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a block of clay.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create functional items for everyday use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create decorative items for everyday use?	Oracle said: No.
chandelier,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to operate it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater or air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a chain or cord to turn it on and off?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pull chain ceiling lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling lamp with a light fixture that can be adjusted or directed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a track lighting system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chandelier?	Correct.
chariot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handcart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dolly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a luggage cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moving heavy objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a forklift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a warehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of metal and wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically larger than a bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hauling?	Oracle said: Yes.
checkerboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a deck of cards.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game that involves competition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a child's room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a building block.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a doll.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a board game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a game piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a card from a card game.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces of plastic that are connected?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other objects to play a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a checker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a domino.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a pattern or design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tile.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a popular board game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Scrabble tile.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to build or create something as part of the game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Lego brick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have letters or numbers on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a letter tile from a word game.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that involves strategy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Risk game piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that is popular among families?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Monopoly game piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unique shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Trivial Pursuit game piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that has been around for decades?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Sorry game piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be placed on a game board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Clue game piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: Yes.
cheeseboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a potato. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object often stored in a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a dairy product?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is butter. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of cheese?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is milk.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object usually kept cold to preserve it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of yogurt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an egg?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is cream.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: The object is garlic.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that can be consumed by humans but also used in non-food ways?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: The object is honey.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used in cooking or baking?	Oracle said: Yes.	: The object is vanilla extract.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	 the object something that can be used as an ingredient in both sweet and savory dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object is salt.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object often grated or shredded before use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ject is ginger.?	Oracle said: No.	ct is onion.?	Oracle said: No.	 object is lemon zest.?	Oracle said: No.	bject something that is often used in baked goods?	Oracle said: No.	ject is a type of nut?	Oracle said: No.	ct something that is often used to add flavor to dishes?	Oracle said: No.	bject is a type of seed?	Oracle said: No.	ct something that can be pickled?	Oracle said: No.	ct is horseradish.?	Oracle said: No.	ct something that is often used in small quantities due to its strong flavor?	Oracle said: Yes.	ct is a type of pepper?	Oracle said: No.	ct something that is often used to add heat to dishes?	Oracle said: No.	 is a type of mushroom.?	Oracle said: No.	omething that has a strong, pungent smell?	Oracle said: Yes.
cheesecloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in a household?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of food does the object help to prepare or consume?	Oracle said: Yes .	uesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I think the object is a spoon. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to squeeze or press fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a juicer.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically used to squeeze the juice out of one piece of fruit at a time?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object typically used to squeeze the juice out of one type of fruit, namely oranges?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I think the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I think the object is a citrus reamer.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to extract juice from fruit by twisting or turning the fruit?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to extract juice from fruit by applying pressure to the fruit?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I think the object is a lemon squeezer.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly used to serve fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I think the object is a fruit bowl.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to hold or carry fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a fruit basket.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have an opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to carry or hold a single serving of fruit?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I think the object is a fruit tray.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to protect fruit from damage?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to carry fruit from one place to another?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I think the object is an apron.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a strap or a handle to carry it?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What function does the object serve in relation to the fruit it is used to carry or hold?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a napkin.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to wrap around fruit?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have multiple compartments or pockets to hold different types of fruit?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I think the object is a tablecloth.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to cover fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a placemat.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a cloth for cleaning up spills.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to absorb moisture from fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.
chessboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for entertainment in a group setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require dice to be played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object Scrabble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Monopoly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic and cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large number of pieces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a card game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Pictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Clue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Risk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Trivial Pursuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Sorry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Uno?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Trouble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Guess Who?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a popular board game that is often played by families?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a party game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a classic board game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object Checkers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Chess?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Backgammon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often played by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object Candy Land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object Connect 4?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object Mancala?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that can be played by two players?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that involves moving pieces around a board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a box or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that has been around for more than 50 years?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that is commonly played in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Game of Life?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that has a folding board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that has a distinct or unique smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that is considered a classic and is still widely played today?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that has a large, flat playing surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game that is made by the company Hasbro?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.
chinaware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object antique?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a collector's item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made before the 20th century?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fine china plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rare fine china plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Royal Copenhagen plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Wedgwood plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Royal Doulton plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Lenox plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Spode plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Johnson Brothers plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Portmeirion plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Minton plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is breakable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Shelley plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Royal Albert plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Paragon plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Aynsley plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Coalport plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate made by the Coalport company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plate that was produced by the Coalport company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a floral pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a gold trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fine bone china plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate made by a well-known manufacturer of fine bone china?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate made by a manufacturer that is no longer in business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate that is still being produced today?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate that is part of a formal dinner set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate that is used for special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a holiday-themed plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate that is used for a specific holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate that is used for a wedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate that is used for a formal event?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a charger plate?	Oracle said: No.
chopstick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cookware, such as a pot or pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to manipulate or handle food in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of utensil is the object, is it used for serving, eating, or preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spatula.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food, such as a pastry brush or a meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of food that is often grated, such as cheese or ginger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to handle or manipulate a type of food that is often served as a side dish, such as rice, vegetables, or bread?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion out a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to serve or handle a type of food that is often served hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served as a main course, such as meat or a casserole?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often carved, such as a roast or a turkey?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often scooped, such as mashed potatoes or rice?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a slotted spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served in a bowl, such as cereal or soup?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often eaten for breakfast?	Oracle said: No.	My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served at a holiday meal, such as turkey or ham?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served with gravy?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served with a sauce or topping, such as mashed potatoes or stuffing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically made from a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served at Thanksgiving?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served at Christmas?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served at Easter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made from a hardwood, such as oak or maple?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served at a family gathering?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object larger than a dinner plate?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served in a large quantity, such as a casserole or a roast?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is often served with a variety of toppings or condiments?	Oracle said: Yes.
chute,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a sports setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: I will not answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a stick or club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport that involves throwing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves running?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a runner would wear on their body, aside from shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap or handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure distance or speed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of track and field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of baton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to jumping events in track and field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a padded or cushioned part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the high jump event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the long jump or triple jump events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the long jump or triple jump object be classified as?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound when it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of takeoff or landing aid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sand or pit-related object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help the athlete take off?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the landing phase of the jump?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to break the athlete's fall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is placed on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of surface or covering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to reduce the impact of the athlete's landing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of material or substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of implement or device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in other sports or activities aside from track and field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety or protective purposes in other sports or activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crash pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of landing mat?	Oracle said: No.
cleaver,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	racle said: Congratulations, you guessed it. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I already guessed that. ?	racle said: No .	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: I already guessed that. ?	racle said: No.	: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object a kitchen knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	ssed that already. ?	racle said: No.	t a chef's knife?	Oracle said: No.	t a paring knife?	Oracle said: No.	rrated knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object serrated on both sides of the blade?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object a bread knife?	Oracle said: No.	e object a steak knife?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	e object a carving knife?	Oracle said: No.	e object a boning knife?	Oracle said: No.	e object a cleaver?	Correct.
clipboard,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that can be pressed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object related to an animal or pet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a way that involves pulling or tugging?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	ser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hole punch.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a cord or string?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by pushing or pressing down on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of more than 50% plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a binder.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a spring or elastic component?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a clipboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by only one gender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a robe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
clock,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Correct.
cloth,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the human body.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Correct.
clothesline,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a structural purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support or hold things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door or window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a basement or foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a hallway or corridor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically attached to a wall or ceiling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelf support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cornice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made from stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made from aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pulley?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of block and tackle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I can only answer Yes or No questions.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be installed by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a commercial or industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made from a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garage door pulley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of window pulley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain or drapery pulley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift or move something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift or move a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a rope or cable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.
coat,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat or jacket?	Correct.
cobblestone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a plant, such as a flower or a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or a place of business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet or an animal in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task related to a particular part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or decoration in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or an opening in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game or a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive event or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoe. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of footwear accessory?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of activity or sport that involves the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials, such as leather and rubber?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for an individual sport or activity that takes place on a specific type of surface, such as a court or a track?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to a winter sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a sport or activity that involves balance or coordination?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a sport or activity that involves running or jogging?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a single type of material, such as wood, metal, or plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose in the activity or sport it is used for?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the feet in some way?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a sport or activity that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a sport or activity that takes place on a grass or turf surface?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a sport or activity that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a sport or activity that involves a stick or a bat?	Oracle said: No.
coffeepot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is typically stored on the countertop.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for storing dry food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for storing liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed under a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a specific type of liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a transparent plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing milk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing soda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a liquid that is commonly consumed cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a liquid that is commonly consumed hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the countertop near the coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing coffee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing sugar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing coffee grounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a plastic that is BPA free?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee pot?	Oracle said: Yes.
coffin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood in addition to metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any plastic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a escalator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balcony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any fabric components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treasure chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.
cogwheel,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotating or turning something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for gripping or holding something in place?	Oracle said: No.	said: My guess is that the object is a drill bit.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically larger than a human hand but smaller than a human head?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a gear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
collage,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Is the object a type of sporting goods equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object related to clothing or accessories?	Oracle said: No.	s the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	 the object commonly used by both adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used for creative or artistic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a type of plant or flower?	Oracle said: No.	s the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	 the object a piece of artwork?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a print?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a lithograph?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an etching?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a woodcut?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a screenprint?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an engraving?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an aquatint?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of artwork is the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a mezzotint?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a monotype?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a collotype?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically displayed on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a linocut?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a drypoint?	Oracle said: No.
collar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of jewelry is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of charm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn around the wrist, but not a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose, in addition to being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tie tack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to fasten or secure clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a button.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to fasten a specific type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to fasten a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to fasten pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to fasten a coat or jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a base metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coat button?	Oracle said: No.
commode,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet used for storing dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet used for storing books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet used for storing linens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet used for storing cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vanity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for storing personal items?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is often used to make furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object an armoire?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wardrobe closet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be used to organize a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to hold or support something in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: It is not typically used in a bedroom.	esser said: Is the object a type of furniture typically found in a bedroom, but not exclusively?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a piece of furniture that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of shelf?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to display decorative items?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of case or container?	Oracle said: No.
condom,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not for consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made to hold small items?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a wrapper?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a food wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a non-food item?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a plastic wrapper for a small non-food item?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small personal item?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small personal care item?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrapper for a razor?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small hygiene item?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small cosmetic item?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small medical item?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small pharmaceutical item?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small item that is used on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a band-aid wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small item that is used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small item that is used on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small item that is used on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small adhesive item?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small item that serves a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a condom wrapper?	Correct.
cone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a counter or table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a container for a condiment, such as ketchup or mustard. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a serving dish.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon rest.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often served hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a soup container.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to hold a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a bread basket.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to hold a type of baked good?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is a muffin tin.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often eaten for breakfast?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: My guess is that the object is an egg carton.?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object used to hold a type of food that can be eaten with one's fingers?	Oracle said: No.	: My guess is that the object is a cereal bowl.?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often served with a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to hold a type of food that is often eaten with a fork?	Oracle said: Yes.	y guess is that the object is a fork rest.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a food tray.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often served at a buffet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a placemat.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is high in carbohydrates?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a dinner plate.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often grilled or fried?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a plate for serving fried foods.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a container for leftovers.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often served as a side dish?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a serving tray.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to hold a type of food that is often eaten as a main course?	Oracle said: No.	said: My guess is that the object is a tv dinner tray.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.
container,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for citrus fruits, such as oranges or lemons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I will only answer Yes or No questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in preparing or serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves crushing or pressing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring ingredients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a juicer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of ingredient?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mixing bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea infuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in preparing or serving food?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.
copier,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you can press?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine that performs a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machinery that is used for a specific task in an office or home office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shredder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:Is the object a Xerox machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox 914?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox Phaser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox ColorQube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a microwave oven?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a touchscreen interface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in an office?	Oracle said: In a copy room or near a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox DocuCentre?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox AltaLink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox VersaLink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7855?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flatbed scanner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7970?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7830?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7835?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7845?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7850?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7865?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7870?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Xerox WorkCentre 7220?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of office equipment does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.
copybook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plant material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothpick. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to create or make something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a artistic or creative pursuit?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to apply color or pigment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made from a type of tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the activity of playing a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a flute reed.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a activity that involves paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a paper clip.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made from a hardwood tree?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for drawing or sketching?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a charcoal pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to create lines or marks on paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a graphite pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a school or educational setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to color or shade?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a specific subject or class in school?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in an art class?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a softwood tree?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by students to create art projects?	Oracle said: No.
corduroy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a cotton-polyester blend?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casual shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camp shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rugby shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casual button-front shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casual, short-sleeved, cotton-polyester blend shirt with a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casual, long-sleeved, cotton-polyester blend shirt with a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casual, short-sleeved, cotton-polyester blend shirt without a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casual, long-sleeved, cotton-polyester blend shirt without a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.
corkscrew,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato masher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking utensil that is not electric and is used to flip or turn food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a Dutch oven.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cast iron skillet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object silverware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location in the kitchen would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: It would most likely be found in the drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to serve hot foods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pastry brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion desserts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion cheese?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion bread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a utensil holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal ice cream scoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion a type of food that is typically served cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.
costume,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to adorn or complement something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a curtain.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add color or texture to a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a throw blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a dresser or nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a symbolic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a wedding ring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a particular holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an ornament.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to Valentine's Day?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to Christmas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to Halloween?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a costume.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people sit on, other than a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bed frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a four poster bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Murphy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or a nursery.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific type of person, such as a child or a couple?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a child?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toddler bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a youth bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made with a specific type of wood, such as oak or pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide a place for a child to sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's design influenced by a specific style, such as modern or traditional?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any safety features, such as railings or a gate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in the bedroom.	Guesser said: Does the object have a headboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a twin bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full-size bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a queen-size bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a king-size bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a footboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loft bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a captain's bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trundle bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spindle bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Jenny Lind bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Charlie bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Louis Philippe bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Victorian bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colonial-style bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rustic bed?	Oracle said: No.
couch,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of furniture is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people sit on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Correct.
cowbell,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for indoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object maracas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cymbals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a castanet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chime?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of sleigh bells?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a musical performance setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of tubular bells?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of finger cymbals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of orchestral chimes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of mark tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of music is the object most commonly associated with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of crotales?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in classical music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of orchestral glockenspiel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of orchestral bells?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of handbells?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of bell tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a shiny material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowbell?	Correct.
cradle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an armchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean bag chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an upholstered chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.
crate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a balcony.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seawall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breakwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boardwalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulkhead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jetty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wharf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marina?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a pier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a groin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a groyne?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a riprap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a revetment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a levee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent erosion?	Oracle said: No.
crayon,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a action figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular children's franchise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object is a stuffed animal. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object related to a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to create something?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a crayon?	Correct.
crib,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a single bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed made of wrought iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the bed typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed's frame made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bed have a headboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed's headboard made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the bed?	Oracle said: The purpose of the bed is for sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the bed a standard single bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a toddler bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a canopy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a murphy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a sleigh bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a storage bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a captain's bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a trundle bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a loft bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed an adjustable bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a sofa bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed an ottoman bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a panel bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a poster bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a low profile bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed a low profile single bed with a wooden frame and a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a low profile platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a low profile storage bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a low profile bed with a solid wooden headboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed a solid wood low profile bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a wooden low profile bed with a headboard made of solid wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed a low profile bed made of solid wood with a low profile headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of a low profile bed's mattress?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the typical height of a low profile bed's mattress less than 6 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the bed typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed typically used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed typically used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed typically used by an adult?	Oracle said: No.
crossbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pocket knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a purpose related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a specific type of mark or line?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a highlighter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tip or point that comes into contact with a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a marker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated container or holder when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an eraser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanism for retracting or extending a part of itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for artistic or creative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a compass.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating or spinning part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sharpener for a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves precise movement or control?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drafting tool.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that can be adjusted or set to a specific position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a protractor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for measuring or calculating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ruler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a circular or curved part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a letter opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hole punch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a part that can be refilled or replaced?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying pressure or force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper cutter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat or broad surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a glue stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves attaching or binding things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring or elastic part?	Oracle said: No.
crossbeam,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of transmission tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighthouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smokestack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of silo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lamp post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of telephone pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a type of light pole.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of transmission pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function related to its location?	Oracle said: Yes.
crossbow,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of craft material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit or strike something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a hockey stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of boxing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pool cue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a combat sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a fencing sword.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of karate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of fencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a kendo stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of taekwondo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for self defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a wooden cane used for self defense.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of kickboxing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of aikido?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made from a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a nunchaku.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of jujitsu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of judo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an escrima stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of kung fu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the martial art of capoeira?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a bokken.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by practitioners of the martial art of ninjutsu?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a tonfa.?	Oracle said: No.
crowbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a socket?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a punch?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wire cutter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a drill bit?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a rounded edge?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a ratchet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a cultivator?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a pruner?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hoe?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.
crutch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pocket knife. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used in a work environment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a chain?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a rake.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or shed?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a hoe.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of metal and wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for chopping or cutting?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for digging or excavating?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a task related to a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to a farm or ranch?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of wood and metal and is larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pickaxe.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves striking something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves leverage?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a task related to exercise or fitness?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a crowbar.?	Oracle said: No.
cufflink,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pushpin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a silver colored metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie tack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Correct.
cup,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Correct.
curtain,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain or drapery?	Correct.
cushion,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a washcloth. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a throw pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object typically used on a couch?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: My guess is that the object is a couch cushion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dagger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used in a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a chisel.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the trade of carpentry?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used in a task that involves piercing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used by a specific profession that requires a license to practice?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a syringe.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for a task that involves sewing or needlework?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of a material other than metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used in a task that involves a hook or a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: My guess is that the object is a fishhook.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for a task that involves a cord or a string?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used in the trade of barbering or hairstyling?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is an awl.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used for a task that involves a rotating motion?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used for a task that requires a great deal of force?	Oracle said: Yes.	 My guess is that the object is a nail.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used in a task that involves a pointed or tapered end?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object used for a task that involves making holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a drill bit.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used for a task that involves a twisting motion?	Oracle said: Yes.
dart,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On a dartboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: Correct.
dashboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large piece of equipment used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an urban area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal structure that holds something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal structure that supports something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal structure that encloses something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal structure that provides shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal structure that provides shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal structure that is used to store something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toll booth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamppost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a highway overpass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.
deadbolt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a profession or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or molding something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in the construction field?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of construction is the object most commonly used in?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves joining two things together?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measuring?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found at a high elevation, such as on a roof or scaffolding?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves digging or excavating?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves smoothing or finishing a surface?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be easily shaped when heated?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a copper pipe.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a specific area of a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by a specific trade, such as electricians or plumbers?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object heavy enough that you would need both hands to lift it?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying force or pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to apply force in a downward direction?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated area when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply a large amount of force?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a jack.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply force in a horizontal direction?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a task that involves pulling something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in an outdoor setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pulley.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to lift or move heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to apply force in an upward direction?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found near a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves securing or fastening something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten objects together using screws or bolts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of wrench?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten objects together using rope or cable?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or fasten objects together using a type of clamp or vice?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bolt cutter.?	Oracle said: No.
decal,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the car's exterior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a side mirror.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the car's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car emblem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trim piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the front of the car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a license plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car logo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car emblem?	Oracle said: Correct.
deck,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building toy, such as blocks or Legos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Mr. Potato Head.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a puppet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by only one child at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kindergarten classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular children's movie or TV show?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Rubik's Cube.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular children's book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a play kitchen utensil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a lunchbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry small toys or trinkets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry food or drinks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.
denim,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a craft or hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet or animal in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or fabric in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a button. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that serves as a fastener?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a sock. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to carry or hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a pocket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that is worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object something that is worn on the foot, other than a sock?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object something that is used to carry or hold keys?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that is used to carry or hold small personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: My guess is that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object something that is typically carried by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: My guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that can be closed or has a closure of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: My guess is that the object is a handbag.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to carry or organize personal items, such as makeup or cosmetics?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or dresser when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to cover or wrap around a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that is worn for warmth or protection from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object something that is worn for decorative or fashionable purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.
denture,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a substance to the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton swab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hygienic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nasal strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tongue scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something from the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an earwax remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or on a counter in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackhead remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pimple popper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of extractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comedone extractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove blackheads or whiteheads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial steamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of only one color of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tweezers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lip scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove dead skin cells?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something from the skin that is not alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something from the skin that is alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something from the skin that is unwanted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that is not medical?	Oracle said: No.
desk,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Correct.
diamond,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object go around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a functional purpose other than being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object serve as a symbol of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a medal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in a ceremony or ritual?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a rosary?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of charm?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have spiritual significance?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a cross?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of talisman?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of amulet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a locket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be worn around the neck and has spiritual significance?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a prayer box.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a charm.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a hole or a loop to attach it to something?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that is often associated with good luck?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a four-leaf clover pendant.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is often kept in a special place when not being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scapular.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be blessed by a religious figure?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a St. Christopher medal.?	Oracle said: No.
diaper,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: You did not ask a Yes or No question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to baby products.	Guesser said: Is the object a pacifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Correct.
dice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Rubik's Cube.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an action figure.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a franchise, such as a movie or book series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kaleidoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game or puzzle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a puzzle box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to relieve stress or anxiety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fidget spinner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object popular among adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk toy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a ball or ball-like component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bowling ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tennis racket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle or grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a golf ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a basketball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a soccer ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a volleyball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soft or padded surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lacrosse ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport that involves throwing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a softball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object weigh less than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dart.?	Oracle said: No.
dildo,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular franchise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a play kitchen or food item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of costume or accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of craft supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of collectible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of action figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of art supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for fun or enjoyment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be drawn or colored on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of book or magazine?	Oracle said: No.
disc,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck of cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of a single type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bowling ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a softball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that takes place on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tennis racket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a stick or club?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hockey stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that is played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a ball and a stick or club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that is typically played outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lacrosse stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a ball and a bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of only one color of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that has a professional league?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cricket bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that is similar to baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is very durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the sport of polo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a field hockey stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the sport of rugby?	Oracle said: No.
dish,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cup or mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea infuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potholder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in relation to the stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that food is placed on when it is being cooked on the stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is placed on the stove itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to manipulate or handle food while it is being cooked on the stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cast iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slotted spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skimmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to protect something from the heat of the stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to portion or measure food while it is being cooked on the stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure dry ingredients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of one piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dry ingredient scoop?	Oracle said: No.
dishrag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sharper than a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare or handle food in a specific way, such as cutting, mixing, or serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most kitchens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whisk. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or change the state of food in some way, such as mashing, stirring, or flipping?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to serve or portion out food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ladle.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically used to serve or portion out a specific type of food, such as soup, cereal, or dessert?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to serve or portion out food in a way that is precise or measured?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to serve or handle food in a way that is common to many different types of cuisine or cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spatula.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to serve or portion out food in a way that is often done by hand, rather than with a utensil or device?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape that sets it apart from other objects?	Oracle said: No.	d: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used to serve or portion out food in a social or communal setting, such as a dinner party or buffet?	Oracle said: No.	I'm going to take a guess that the object is a serving spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to serve or portion out a specific type of food that is commonly eaten at a specific time of day, such as breakfast or dessert?	Oracle said: No.	'm going to take a guess that the object is a tongs.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to serve or handle food in a way that is quick and efficient, such as in a fast food or cafeteria setting?	Oracle said: No.	m going to take a guess that the object is a pastry brush.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to serve or portion out food in a way that is decorative or visually appealing?	Oracle said: No.	 going to take a guess that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to serve or handle food in a way that is related to a specific cooking technique or method, such as grilling or roasting?	Oracle said: No.	 going to take a guess that the object is a meat thermometer.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used to serve or portion out food in a way that is related to a specific type of cuisine or cultural tradition?	Oracle said: No.	going to take a guess that the object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to serve or handle food in a way that is related to food storage or preservation?	Oracle said: Yes.	oing to take a guess that the object is a jar.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to serve or handle food in a way that is related to food packaging or wrapping?	Oracle said: No.	oing to take a guess that the object is a food container.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to serve or handle food in a way that is related to keeping food fresh or preventing spoilage?	Oracle said: Yes.	ing to take a guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: No.	 object is too large to be held in one's hand, so that guess is incorrect.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to keep food fresh by controlling the environment around it, such as temperature or humidity?	Oracle said: No.	oing to take a guess that the object is an ice pack.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to keep food fresh by preventing contamination or exposure to air?	Oracle said: No.	ing to take a guess that the object is plastic wrap.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen drawer or on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.
dishtowel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vegetable peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pastry brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location in a kitchen would the object most likely be used in?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used with food that is hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a serving utensil?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a silicone spatula?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a trivet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a potholder?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a tea infuser?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a pastry blender?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a food mill?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a ravioli cutter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pastry docker?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a lemon reamer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a melon baller?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cherry pitter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a nutcracker?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an egg slicer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of only one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a masher?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a peeler?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a corer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a scraper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a zester?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a juicer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a skimmer?	Oracle said: No.
doll,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for children's entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Correct.
doorjamb,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawnmower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garage door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating vent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a corner of the garage?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a workbench?	Oracle said: No.
doorknocker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or molding something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a precise or delicate manner?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a precious metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a medical or dental context?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measuring or weighing something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to jewelry or accessories?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a letter opener.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a context that involves food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a creative or artistic context?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a precise amount of pressure or force?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a context that involves writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a pen.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct sound associated with it when it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose rather than for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a context that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a context that involves a specific temperature or heat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a coin.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a context that involves a specific texture or feel?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a context that involves a sense of touch or tactile experience?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a ring.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves the hands and fingers in a specific way?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a thimble.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a context that involves a specific type of fabric or material?	Oracle said: No.
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or a shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repairing or maintaining something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repairing or maintaining a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repairing or maintaining a building or a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves nails or screws?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nail clipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for driving nails?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a roofing hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a specific type of building material, such as wood or drywall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a framing hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves tapping or shaping something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ball-peen hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves fitting parts together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves making something tighter or looser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chisel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves removing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pry bar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves pulling something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves breaking or demolishing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sledgehammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a heavy impact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a maul.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves splitting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hatchet.?	Oracle said: No.
doorpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: In a doorway.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorframe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of, besides metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack or hat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The category of object I am thinking of is architectural element.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of window hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door surround?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door architrave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door casing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chair rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crown molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of picture molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wainscoting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paneling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall trim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door trim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically installed by a carpenter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door header?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door sill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door jamb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door jamb with a metal jamb liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal door jamb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood door jamb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood door jamb with metal hinges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood door jamb with metal reinforcement?	Oracle said: No.
doorstep,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose, such as cooking or cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a purpose related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen, but is not used for cooking or eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bathroom, but is not related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found near a front door or entrance of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack or hat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench or a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table or a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to keys or other small items that people often carry with them?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter or a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture or a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a umbrella stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve near the front door or entrance of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a welcome mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a package delivery box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell or other device used to signal arrival?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control or regulate something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor or detector of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat that serves a functional purpose other than just being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat used to clean footwear?	Oracle said: No.
doorstop,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sun protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eye protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skin protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of armor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against a specific hazard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against a chemical hazard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against a physical hazard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against sharp objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against blunt force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of padding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect people from a fall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect people from an impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sports setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workplace setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a construction setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect people from heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to protect people from vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of barricade?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a road barricade?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to redirect pedestrian traffic?	Oracle said: No.
drape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedframe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plumbing fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating or cooling fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electrical fixture that is not a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is attached to the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of textile fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object blackout curtains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sheer curtains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often used to block out sunlight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often used in traditional or classic decor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often made with a pattern or design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often used to add a touch of elegance to a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often made with a floral pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the sides of windows?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made to be functional as well as decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to control the amount of light that enters a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is easy to clean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curtain that is often machine washable?	Oracle said: Yes.
drawers,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of furniture is the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Correct.
dress,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found on a bedside table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body, but is not a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for a specific occasion or event?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Correct.
dresser,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Correct.
drum,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Correct.
drywall,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a medical professional?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an artist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk or office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drilling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a level.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or smooth wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assemble or join wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or clamp wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a substance to wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to inspect or examine wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move or lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mix or blend materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate power or energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support or stability?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support or stability to a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sawhorse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support or stability to a beam or a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support or stability to a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stud.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support or stability to a wall during construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scaffolding.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of temporary support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of permanent support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide lateral support to a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shore.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide lateral support to a wall during construction or repair?	Oracle said: Yes.
dumbbell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by carpenters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by artists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by electricians?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing or textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for working with cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening or yard work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What room in a house is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by plumbers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific sport or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I can only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a water sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves weight or strength?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a weightlifting plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is typically done indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.
dustbin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving or eating food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually stored under the sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can that is typically placed on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can that is typically placed under a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash can that is typically placed under an office desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash can that is typically placed under a home desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be purchased at a hardware store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large plastic trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash can that is typically placed under a desk in an office or home setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to organize or hold other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to carry other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container with a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing food or other kitchen items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing trash bags?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic trash bag dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used for storing and dispensing trash bags in a home or office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash bag holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used to hold and dispense small trash bags in a home or office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic trash bag box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic container used to store and dispense small trash bags?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash bag dispenser that can be mounted on the wall or placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic container used to store and dispense small trash bags, typically placed under a desk or in a small space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic container used to store and dispense small trash bags in a home or office setting, and is typically placed in a convenient location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic trash bag container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used to store small trash bags in a home or office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic container with a lid, used to store small trash bags?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container used to store and organize small trash bags?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic container used to store and organize small trash bags, and is typically placed in a home or office setting?	Oracle said: No.
duvet,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people sit on or lie on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a blanket. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a comforter.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: Correct<|eot_id|>.
earplug,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a medical or health purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pill bottle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to administer medication?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to collect a sample of bodily fluid?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a bandaid. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a medical glove.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to cover a wound or injury?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a face mask.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly used in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a syringe.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used to prevent the transmission of disease?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object made of a flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	My guess is that the object is a hospital bed sheet.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object something that a doctor or nurse would use to examine a patient?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a stethoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used to look inside the body?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a tongue depressor.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used to take a patient's temperature?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is an otoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	e object used to listen to a patient's heartbeat?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a blood pressure cuff.?	Oracle said: No.	e object used to check a patient's vital signs?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a thermometer.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used by a doctor to touch or feel a patient?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a medical probe.?	Oracle said: No.	object used to clean or disinfect a patient?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a medical swab.?	Oracle said: No.	object used to apply ointment or cream to a patient?	Oracle said: No.	ss is that the object is a medical tube.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used to restrain or support a patient?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a medical strap.?	Oracle said: No.	ject used to provide support or comfort to a patient?	Oracle said: Yes.	uess is that the object is a hospital pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	ct used to support a patient's head or neck?	Oracle said: No.	ess is that the object is a medical cushion.?	Oracle said: No.	ct used to provide support or comfort to a patient's back?	Oracle said: No.
earring,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used primarily for functional purposes?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of lamp?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of plant or flower?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of decorative figurine?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of collectible?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of vase?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of decorative box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of ornament?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of keepsake?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a locket?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a snow globe?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of music box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a sentimental value?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of framed photo?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of decorative item that can be personalized?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an engraved item?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be customized with a person's name?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a plaque?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a personalized keychain. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a specific type of location in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically placed on a dresser or nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to a person's personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a type of jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific function in relation to a person's personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a personalized picture frame. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.
easel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people sit or lie on, other than a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plumbing fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electrical fixture, other than a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that holds or displays plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that holds or displays personal items, such as pictures, hats, or coats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: I can not answer that question as it is not a Yes or No question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near an entrance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of a single type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that holds or displays decorative items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mantle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of console table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that holds personal items, such as keys or mail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of etagere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of curio cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.
envelope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a profession or job?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pushpin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a highlighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a glue stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct mistakes made while writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific designated place where it is usually kept in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a scissors. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found on an office desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other office supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to bind or hold things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that is done frequently in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to attach papers together?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a binder clip?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to organize papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.
eraser,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a highlighter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a marker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for correcting mistakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a correction tape.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for correcting mistakes written in ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a correction fluid.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a porous tip?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an eraser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeglass,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object prescription glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object's frame made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a nose piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's lens made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's lens coated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to help people see clearly.	Guesser said: Is the object's frame color black?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is commonly worn by older adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brand name?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is sold in stores?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where are the object's lenses manufactured?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is covered by insurance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's frame made in the USA?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that has a warranty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that can be purchased online?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a model number?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is returnable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that has a money back guarantee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is made for people with astigmatism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is made for people who are nearsighted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is made for people who are farsighted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reading glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a magnification power?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is +1.00 magnification power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is +2.00 magnification power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in daily life?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is +2.50 magnification power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is +3.00 magnification power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that has a bifocal lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people who are 40 years old or older?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that is +1.50 magnification power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's lens made of a material other than glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's lens made of polycarbonate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses that has anti-reflective coating?	Oracle said: No.
eyeglasses,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical or health-related purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a thermometer.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to administer medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to treat a wound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom or bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to diagnose a medical condition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hearing aid.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to monitor a person's vital signs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect a sample of bodily fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply pressure or compression to a part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blood pressure cuff.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a splint.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the neck or head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize a joint, such as the knee or elbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the foot or ankle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the fingers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an orthotic device.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize a specific part of the body that is prone to injury or strain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mouthguard.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the shoulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the hip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by athletes or individuals who engage in physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize a part of the body that is commonly injured in everyday activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a posture corrector.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize a part of the body that is sensitive or delicate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or stabilize the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft and flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an eye mask.Is that correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct or improve vision?	Oracle said: Yes.
eyeliner,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to clean the ears?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to clean the feet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to apply a substance to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to apply deodorant?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to apply lotion?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply a cosmetic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a lip balm?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply a substance to the lips?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply eye makeup?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a mascara?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an eyeliner?	Correct.
eyepiece,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves spinning or rotation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a top.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's distinct shape due to its material composition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a creative or artistic activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of materials that are not biodegradable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or handle small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measurement or quantification?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ruler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional or work-related setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense or apply a substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a high level of accuracy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a level.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or assess something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of medicine or healthcare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure a physical property, such as length, weight, or temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a compass.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or evaluate the quality of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a scientific or laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or analyze a chemical or biological substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to evaluate the physical properties of a material?	Oracle said: No.
faceplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a computer mouse. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to heat something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to shred paper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a single purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a desktop computer?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover or protect something.	ser said: Is the object used to protect a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a computer keyboard cover.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to protect a computer from dust?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a computer dust cover?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a computer case?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I think the object is a computer monitor cover.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a hole or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a computer tower cover?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to protect a computer from the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a computer housing?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I think the object is a computer screen protector.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to protect a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to protect a desktop computer?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.
fan,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to interact with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk or table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a type of music or sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Correct.
featherbed,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose rather than aesthetic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin but smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medical care in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sock. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that serves as a covering or wrapping for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to cover or wrap something that is alive, such as a person or animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a glove.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a variety of settings, such as at home, in a car, or outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be washed and reused?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be carried in a bag or purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to keep something or someone warm, such as hands or feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a mitten.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used primarily during colder months or in colder climates?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a pair of slippers.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a filling or stuffing, such as down or synthetic insulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object designed to be worn on a specific part of the body, such as the hands, feet, or head?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a neck warmer.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object commonly used for outdoor activities, such as hiking or skiing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object often kept in a bedroom or living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a throw blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a hood or a covering for the head?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to keep a specific part of the body warm, such as the torso or legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a leg warmer.?	Oracle said: No.
fedora,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: No more questions, my guess is that the object is a hat. ?	racle said: Correct.
feedbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a desk or office work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bed or sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a plastic cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a plastic spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package or wrap something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is plastic wrap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a plastic container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a plastic bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to package a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is typically served hot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a bread bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is typically served cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package fruits or vegetables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package snacks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package baked goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is typically stored in a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is high in sugar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is often eaten as a meal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pizza box liner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package leftovers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is often eaten at a specific meal, such as breakfast, lunch, or dinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a refrigerator or freezer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is not rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plastic film?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plastic sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plastic pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a supermarket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is often served at a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is often served at a fast-food restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package a type of food that is often served at a buffet?	Oracle said: No.
fiddle,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 14 inches in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess the object correctly. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce music.	esser said: Is the object a musical instrument that is played while being held?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object an electric violin?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an acoustic violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a full-size violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a standard violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm glad I was able to guess the object correctly.?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object a musical instrument that is typically played by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly used in orchestras?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object the violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm glad I was able to guess the object correctly.?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object the violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm glad I was able to guess the object correctly.?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object the violin?	Oracle said: Correct.
figurine,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shaped like an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a action figure.?	Oracle said: Correct.
filter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of room would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dustpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean countertops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean surfaces that are high up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with cleaning products?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific type of surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something that can be found in most kitchens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something that is often dirty?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any fabric parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something that can be found under a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something that is often clogged?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a football?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean something that is used to dispose of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.
fishhook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for listening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for viewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a golf club. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a string?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is an arrow.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a head or striking surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a tennis racket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in an individual sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a javelin.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object require a projectile?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used in a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves speed or racing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a part that rotates?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in the sport of fencing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a part that vibrates?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used in an Olympic sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a discus.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object thrown?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a shot put.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object have a blade or sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in the sport of track and field?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a pole vault.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in martial arts?	Oracle said: No.
fishnet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mouthguard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boxing glove.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jockstrap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shin guard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection to the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chest protector.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a life jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a water sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wetsuit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a swimsuit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide flotation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive water sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kickboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by swimmers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a swim cap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve swimming technique?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent injury?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a locker room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of goggles.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to aid in breathing while swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve speed in the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a swimming pool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pool noodle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a specific location in or around a swimming pool?	Oracle said: Yes.
flag,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose, such as a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most kitchens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to a particular activity or hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an outdoor activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to camping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth or protection from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food while camping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat or pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene or sanitation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small piece of fabric used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Correct.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pipe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewer pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drain pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lamp post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utility pole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electrical pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a utility pole used for carrying cables for internet and television. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for carrying electrical wires for streetlights?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for carrying communication cables?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of transmission tower?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for carrying electrical power lines?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for carrying other types of cables?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of street furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific functional purpose other than carrying cables?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to traffic management?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of bollard?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of bike rack?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for providing information to the public?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found near a pedestrian crossing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of barrier?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of traffic signal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically anchored to the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of post?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for supporting something above the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of lamppost?	Oracle said: No.
flagstone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or cooking in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room or area of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a door.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to hygiene or cleanliness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides a function related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a painting.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a statue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fountain.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a patio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a path or a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a water feature, but not a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function in the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a planter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used in conjunction with plants or flowers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trellis.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves as a border or boundary in the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to separate or divide different areas of the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hedge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically made of stone, brick, or concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a retaining wall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to mark or define a specific area or feature in the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garden marker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used to create a sense of separation or distinction between different areas of the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garden edging.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used to create a decorative or visual separation between different areas of the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garden border.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to create a physical separation or barrier between different areas of the garden or outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garden fence.?	Oracle said: No.
flask,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cook food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to process or transform food in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or carry food or ingredients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.
floor,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a play structure for children, such as a jungle gym or a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pergola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an arbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird feeder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamppost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden boardwalk?	Oracle said: No.
flowerpot,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vase. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of transparent plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a shelf or mantle?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an ornament.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a decorative box.?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object symmetrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Does the object have a distinctive color or pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	 I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trophy.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to a particular hobby or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object represent a character or creature?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a collectible.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used to hold or support something?	Oracle said: Yes.	 I'm going to take a guess that the object is a statue.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a type of plant or flower?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a planter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flute,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flute.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flyswatter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is typically located near the trash can or on the counter.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with soap or cleaning solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wipe down surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean up spills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific type of surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store that sells a wide variety of goods?	Oracle said: Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a surface that comes into contact with food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one color of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store that sells a wide variety of goods?	Oracle said: Oracle said: Household goods.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a plastic bag when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.
flytrap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock or mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in nature, such as a type of plant or animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a source of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have four legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object live in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mammal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of reptile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of amphibian?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small in size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of worm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fish that has been removed from the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a snake's egg.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a backyard or a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is often considered a pest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than four legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small mammal that is known to carry disease?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a squirrel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is known to eat plants or garden crops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a rabbit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is often found in or near gardens or flower beds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a vole.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive sound or call?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is known to burrow in the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a chipmunk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is known to climb plants or trees?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a groundhog.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is known to eat garden fruits or vegetables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a deer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive smell or odor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is often considered a garden pest because it eats plants or flowers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a slug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that has a hard outer shell or exoskeleton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a caterpillar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is known to be active at night?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a grasshopper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have large eyes or a distinctive eye shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that is often found in or near gardens or flower beds during the daytime?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a snail.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of small animal that has a long, thin body shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an earwig.?	Oracle said: No.
folder,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an office or work setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a highlighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a typewriter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folder?	Correct.
footboard,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a furniture store?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal bed frame. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a twin size bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a queen size bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a king size bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a full size bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a metal waterbed frame?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a murphy bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a metal platform bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to protect.	uesser said: Is the object a metal baby crib?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a metal hospital bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the location of the object when it is being used?	Oracle said: On a bed.	esser said: Is the object a metal bed rail?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a metal headboard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a metal footboard?	Correct.
footlocker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an armoire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk that can be locked?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the bedroom?	Oracle said: It is typically placed on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk with a flat top that can be used as a bench?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk with a flat top that can be used as a bench and is typically placed at the foot of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom, besides storing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function, besides storing clothes, to provide a place to sit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep the floor clear of clutter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep shoes organized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep clothes organized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep out-of-season clothes organized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep out-of-season clothes organized and stored under the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep out-of-season clothes organized and stored under the bed, but it is not typically placed under the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function in the bedroom to keep out-of-season clothes organized and stored, and it is typically placed at the foot of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk that is used to store out-of-season clothes, and it is typically placed at the foot of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk that is used to store out-of-season clothes, and it is typically placed at the foot of the bed, and it has a flat top that can be used as a bench?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk that is used to store out-of-season clothes, and it is typically placed at the foot of the bed, and it has a flat top that can be used as a bench, and it can be locked?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage trunk that is used to store out-of-season clothes, and it is typically placed at the foot of the bed, and it has a flat top that can be used as a bench, and it can be locked, and it is made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose in the bedroom, besides storing clothes?	Oracle said: No.
footplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose, such as a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a building or construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves gripping or holding something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying pressure or force to an object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a block or a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or molding an object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying pressure to a specific point or area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool used for applying pressure to drive a fastener or other object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool used for applying pressure to shape or form a material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool used for applying pressure to join or separate two objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision or control?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool used for applying pressure to a small area or point, such as a nail or a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply pressure in a specific direction, such as downward or outward?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply pressure downward?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to pack or tamp down a material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tamping tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or a shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate compactor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for landscaping or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust or corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easily accessible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a significant amount of force or pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.
footrest,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on, other than a bed or a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides support or comfort to a person in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a loveseat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that serves as a step to get into or out of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be used to rest or support a part of the body, such as a leg or an arm, while in bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a headboard.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to support the lower part of the body, such as the legs or feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a footboard.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically placed at the end of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: The object is an ottoman.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to support or elevate the legs or feet while in bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: The object is a footstool.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly used in conjunction with a bed to support or rest the legs or feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a bedrest.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be adjusted to different heights or positions to support the legs or feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a recliner.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object designed to be used while sitting or lying in bed, and is it typically used to support the legs or feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: The object is a leg rest.?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials, including wood and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a wooden bench.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to support or elevate the legs or feet while in bed, and is it typically made of wood and upholstered with fabric or another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: The object is a footrest.?	Correct.
footstool,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides a service?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cushion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of decorative furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden decorative screen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a purpose other than decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an ottoman?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an ottoman. ?	racle said: Correct.
forceps,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a screw or a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a socket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ratchet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping small objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of needle-nose pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping round objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an adjustable wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping objects that are typically cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a plumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a C-clamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by an electrician?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a locking plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by an auto mechanic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by someone who works with machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bolt cutter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping objects that are typically less than 1 inch in diameter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of slip-joint pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping objects that are typically less than 0.5 inches in diameter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of lineman's pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping objects that have a very small diameter, such as a wire or a small pin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of wire cutters.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping and bending objects that have a very small diameter, such as a wire or a small pin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of needle-nose pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping and bending objects that have a very small diameter, such as a wire or a small pin, and is commonly used for crafts or jewelry making?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of flat-nose pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping and bending objects that have a very small diameter, such as a wire or a small pin, and has a very fine tip?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of chain-nose pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping and bending objects that have a very small diameter, such as a wire or a small pin, and is typically used for precision work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of round-nose pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping and bending objects that have a very small diameter, such as a wire or a small pin, and has a very pointed tip?	Oracle said: Yes.
fork,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store that sells a wide variety of goods?	Oracle said: Kitchen Utensils.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Correct.
futon,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I am not sure that is a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a person's hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose rather than an aesthetic one?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal statue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hung on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal wind chime.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a particular holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal wreath.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal plaque.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of metal art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal sculpture.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object abstract?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal cross.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object represent an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal eagle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object represent a mammal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal fish.?	Oracle said: No.
garter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a football?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shower curtain.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bathrobe. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the lower part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for warmth after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of slippers.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing that serves a hygienic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a pair of pajama pants.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn after a bath or shower and before getting dressed?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of clothing that is loose fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a bath towel wrap.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be wrapped around the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a bathrobe.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a beach towel.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object designed to preserve modesty after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a towel wrap.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly used in a household setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for drying the body after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a dressing gown.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a kimono.?	Oracle said: No.
gauze,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to clean something?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to clean surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a dustpan?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a square or a rectangle.	esser said: Is the object a cloth used to dust surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a rag?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a dishcloth.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to clean tables or countertops?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a woven fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of cleaning tool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to wipe down surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for polishing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to absorb spills?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a paper product?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a cloth used to absorb spills.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a home office?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to absorb liquid spills on furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a coaster?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.
gavel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a courtroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gavel?	Correct.
glasses,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a stationary position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to something else in order to function properly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a desk calendar holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind or fasten things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mounted under a desk or on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support or hold an object at a certain height?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that are pressed to operate it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pen holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to perform a task that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound associated with its use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a hole punch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that can be done while seated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision or delicacy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a craft knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an activity that is considered a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or make something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a letter opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare or work with a specific material?	Oracle said: No.
goalpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a merry-go-round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring rider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a climbing wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monkey bars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balance beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parallel bars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chin-up bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope climb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rocking horse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amusement park ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by human power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by gravity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is typically found in a public park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a carousel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that can be climbed on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that can be spun around?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that can be swung on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that can be slid down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for a specific type of play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for physical play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for competitive play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a obstacle course.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for a specific type of physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for a type of physical activity that involves rotation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for a type of physical activity that involves jumping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment that is used for a type of physical activity that involves throwing?	Oracle said: Yes.
goblet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dish or plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of ceramic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a teacup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hot beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cold beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a fragile material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a glass.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a drinking glass. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a juice glass?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a water glass?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a highball glass.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: The object is a wine glass. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object a champagne flute?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a martini glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a martini glass.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a cocktail glass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a margarita glass?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed in a dishwasher after use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically washed by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a formal setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a casual setting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a transparent material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of crystal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a crystal wine glass.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of glassware?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of stemware?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: The object is a crystal champagne flute.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of glass used for a specific type of liquor?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: The object is a crystal cognac glass.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of glass used for a specific type of cocktail?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: The object is a crystal martini glass.?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a type of glass used for a specific type of cocktail that is typically served in a fancy bar?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a type of glass used for a specific type of cocktail that is typically served in a home?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed in a glass cabinet for display?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of glass that is considered luxurious?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a crystal old fashioned glass.?	Oracle said: No.
goggles,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a single user?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a deck of cards.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kaleidoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chess set.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a basketball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played on ice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an ice skate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a face mask.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hockey goalie mask.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by all players in the sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one player on a team?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hockey helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is goggles.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gondola,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object?	Oracle said: The main function of the object is to carry people.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a marina?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the objects typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the objects typically stored on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the objects typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the objects typically used in lakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of materials other than wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a docked boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship with a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship that can carry cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship that can carry trucks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship that can carry trains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship with a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship that has sleeping quarters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship with a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship that is used for tours?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tour boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paddlewheel tour boat?	Oracle said: No.
gown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the lower half of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that serves a functional purpose, such as providing warmth or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hoodie. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that is typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fleece. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a thick material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of thermal clothing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a fleece jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is designed to be worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a parka.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object something that is often worn for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	id: My guess is that the object is a cardigan.?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object something that is commonly worn in a formal setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object something that is often worn to a business meeting or office?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a blazer.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is typically worn to a special occasion, such as a wedding or a party?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object something that is often worn by a specific profession, such as a chef or a doctor?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is often worn by a waiter or a server?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that is often worn by a person in a medical profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a lab coat.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is often worn by a doctor or a nurse?	Oracle said: No.
grater,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or chopping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to chop or cut vegetables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating or turning part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vegetable peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Correct.
grout,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of trash bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of air freshener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dish soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of all-purpose cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drain cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garbage disposal cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dish scrubber.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of odor eliminator for the sink area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product used to clean the sink itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that would be used to clean up after a mess or spill near the sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper towel, but you already said that was incorrect, so my next guess is that the object is a dish rag, but you also already said that was incorrect.My next guess is that the object is a cleaning product that is used to clean up spills and messes near the sink, such as a product that comes in a bottle and has a distinct smell, such as bleach or a cleaning solution, but you?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product used to absorb spills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is used to neutralize or eliminate odors from sink drains or garbage disposals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lemon, as lemons are often used to clean and deodorize near the sink, and have a strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is used to clean the garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is used to clean the sink drain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chemical-based cleaning product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object organic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is used to absorb grease or oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is used to clean up after a messy food or drink spill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dark place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is sensitive to light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of product that is used to clean or deodorize the sink area, and is typically stored in a dark place, such as under the sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet under the sink?	Oracle said: No.
guitar,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for playing games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is being used?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object commonly used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a guitar?	Correct.
gunnysack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an artistic or creative pursuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or handle plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pruning shears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cultivator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location would the object most likely be found in?	Oracle said: A farm.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used for harvesting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a combine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thresher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hay tedder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move or transport crops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grain cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a barn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hay wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect or gather crops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap sack?	Oracle said: Yes.
gurney,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle that travels on rails?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a helicopter.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a scooter.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object powered by gasoline?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an elevator.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of wheelchair?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelchair.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an electric wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object's frame?	Oracle said: The primary material used to make the object's frame is metal.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a manual wheelchair.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific medical condition?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object foldable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a folding wheelchair.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have three wheels?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a walker.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for mobility assistance?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a mobility scooter.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a power chair.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object designed for people with disabilities?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a transport chair.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically pushed by another person?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a stroller.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object designed for adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelchair.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelchair.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in medical settings?	Oracle said: Yes.
hacksaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cutting tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool used for a specific type of material, such as wood or metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or cut wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a chisel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating or moving part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to strip or remove a layer from the material it is being used on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a hole or indentation in the material it is being used on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point that is used to remove small amounts of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hand plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to remove small amounts of material from a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a rasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to smooth out a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a series of small, sharp points or teeth that are used to remove material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove material from a curved or irregular surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to debark or strip the bark from a tree or branch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a spokeshave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove small amounts of material from a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle and a head with the sharp points or teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a gouge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for detailed or precise work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a marking gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carve or shape intricate designs or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved or angled shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a awl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for piercing or making small holes in material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat, broad head with the sharp points or teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a adze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or form a specific type of joint or connection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long, thin shape with the sharp points or teeth at the end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a wood auger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove material from a small, confined space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a reamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to enlarge or widen a hole or opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spiral or helical shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove material from a cylindrical or rounded surface?	Oracle said: Yes.
hairbrush,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Correct.
hairnet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean any part of the body other than the teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to care for hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to style hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair straightener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add color or scent to hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair roller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair serum or oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to hold hair in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object an elastic band?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used on dry hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to keep hair out of the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a hairband?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a scrunchie?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bobby pin?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a hair slide?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a hairpin?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a small object?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a hair tie made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hair fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a small hair fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bobby pin?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or keep something in place.	sser said: Is the primary function of the object to hold hair in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hair accessory used by women?	Oracle said: Yes.
hairpiece,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for applying something to the body?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for removing something from the body?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a band-aid?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a hygienic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a cosmetic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object small enough to be put in a purse or a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a compact?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a nail file?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a makeup brush?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for applying nail polish?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of makeup remover?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of facial cream?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of eye shadow?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of mascara?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of lip gloss?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of perfume?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cool dry place?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of deodorant?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of tweezers?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary material something other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for shaving?	Oracle said: No.
hairpin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a comb.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning any part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nail clipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a razor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to personal grooming that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of tweezers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used near the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a file for fingernails.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or trim hair that is not on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task that involves the removal of something from the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a loofah.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with soap or lotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply something to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a deodorant stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a fragrance or a cosmetic to the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a medicinal substance to the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lip balm.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a moisturizer or a cream to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a powder or a spray to the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a countertop when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific area of the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used near a shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a washcloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific area of the body while in the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a shower caddy or on the edge of a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bath mat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one color of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shower curtain ring.?	Oracle said: No.
handbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a suitcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a storage bin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a file box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic storage container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lunchbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a briefcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a health-related purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toolbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a phone case.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a table or desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or display something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to flowers or plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display a personal item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a candle holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add ambiance to a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to add a decorative touch to a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a particular style or theme of decor?	Oracle said: No.
handcart,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trolley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object weigh more than 500 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying heavy loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dolly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dolly made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dolly a hand truck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hand truck a two-wheeled hand truck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the two-wheeled hand truck a heavy-duty hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the two-wheeled hand truck a light-duty hand truck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light-duty hand truck a folding hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light-duty hand truck an upright hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform hand truck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the platform hand truck a two-wheeled platform hand truck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the two-wheeled platform hand truck made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used in a warehouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the two-wheeled platform hand truck used to move boxes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the two-wheeled platform hand truck used to move boxes that weigh less than 200 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the two-wheeled platform hand truck used to move boxes that weigh less than 100 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object when not in use?	Oracle said: In a garage or shed.	uesser said: Is the two-wheeled platform hand truck typically stored in a vertical position?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the handle made of a material that is not metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the handle made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the wood handle made of a hardwood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the specific task moving furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is one of the materials plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in a residential setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.
handlebar,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used or found?	Oracle said: You did not ask a Yes or No question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used or found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a basketball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a fencing sword.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of boxing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of gymnastics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I mean, is the object a type of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of wrestling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of weightlifting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a winter sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a bicycle pedal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a cyclist wears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety in the sport of cycling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a bicycle helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a cyclist holds onto?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a bicycle handlebar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handsaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut a specific type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wire cutter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a precise or delicate manner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nail clipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for cutting thin objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a razor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for cutting string or thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a craft or hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a craft knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting curves or irregular shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pruning shear.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a high degree of control?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a utility knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a situation where precision is critical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a surgical instrument.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves working with small parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves working with paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves working with fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves working with wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wood carving tool.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a specific type of cut in wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dovetail saw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a cut in a specific location on a piece of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coping saw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut a joint in wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut a groove in wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dado blade.?	Oracle said: No.
hanky,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a liquid or cream?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup remover pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wet wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying a substance to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying a specific type of product, such as lotion or cream?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for applying a cosmetic product?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for applying medication to the face?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a piece of gauze?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a medical context?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply a product to a specific area of the face, such as the eyes or lips?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cosmetic applicator?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a beauty treatment?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that people use every day?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a tissue. ?	racle said: No.	aid: Is the object a paper product?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object something that can be used to blow your nose?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a facial tissue?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a facial tissue.?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object a product that is used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a single-use product?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object commonly found in a purse or pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a product that is used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a handkerchief. ?	racle said: Correct.
harmonica,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toy car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a child's room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kazoo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harp,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the stringed instrument belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food that is not yet prepared, like ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a beverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a change in the food's temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pastry brush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both amateurs and professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a process that involves grinding or crushing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a meat grinder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a food mill.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanical advantage, such as gears or levers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves peeling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to process food in large quantities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a juicer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a significant amount of force or pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to nuts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a place that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blender.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves mashing or smashing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a commercial setting, such as a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an apple press.?	Oracle said: No.
harpsichord,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a theater?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that provides a service?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a pool table?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a pinball machine?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a home theater system?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a bar?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a game room?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object an arcade?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in an amusement park?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a Ferris wheel?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a merry-go-round?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to produce music.	esser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pipe organ?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically located in a large room?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a sound system?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of drum?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object an orchestra?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be played by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a double bass?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an electric instrument?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.
hatbox,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or store things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the storage bin typically placed on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wicker storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of a natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of bamboo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of hemp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's natural fiber material derived from a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of jute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of sisal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of coconut fibers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of abaca?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin made of a type of grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the storage bin?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to store hats.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of straw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a straw hat box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a straw hat box made of straw and used for storing hats.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hat box made of straw and used to store hats in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a straw hat box used to store hats in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container specifically designed to store and protect hats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hat box?	Oracle said: Correct.
hatchet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a sports context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to preparing or serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal coin.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be turned or twisted?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves opening or closing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a bottle opener.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used primarily with the fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Does the object have a distinct sound or noise associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Is the object used in a way that involves pressing or squeezing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object related to a specific type of container or packaging?	Oracle said: No.	y guess is that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used in a way that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object used for a purpose that involves a specific type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used in a context that involves a specific type of setting or environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used in a way that involves a sense of urgency or time sensitivity?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a distinctive smell or odor associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Is the object used in a context that involves a social or communal aspect?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pepper mill.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a way that involves a specific type of motion or gesture?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Does the object have a distinctive weight or feel to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a sense of precision or accuracy?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object related to a specific type of tool or instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.
headband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply something to the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something from the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the morning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to style facial hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to care for facial hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used to apply or remove cosmetics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to gently touch or handle the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowler hat?	Oracle said: No.
headdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a specific type of entertainment, such as music, reading, or games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a performance or show?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a professional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a theater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a circus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in dance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the performance of dance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a top hat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of hat that is traditionally worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I think the object is a fascinator. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have feathers on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a fedora.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of hat that is typically worn for ballet?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I think the object is a tutu headpiece.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of hat that is typically worn for a specific type of dance, such as tap or jazz?	Oracle said: No.	d: Does the object have a net or mesh material on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	 I think the object is a ballet headpiece with a veil.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have flowers on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I think the object is a floral ballet headpiece.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of hat that is typically worn by a principal dancer?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I think the object is a tiara.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of hat that is typically worn for a classical ballet, such as Swan Lake?	Oracle said: Yes.	: I think the object is a ballet tiara.?	Oracle said: No.	Does the object have pearls on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I think the object is a pearl and flower headpiece.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of headpiece that is typically worn by the Sugar Plum Fairy?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I think the object is a Sugar Plum Fairy tiara.?	Oracle said: No.
helmet,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply something to the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crutch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap or band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrist splint.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support the back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support a specific limb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a neck brace.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
highchair,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oak chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pine chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maple chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walnut chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cedar chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cherry chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a teak chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a hardwood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of beech wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a house?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of ash wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a dining room?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have cushions?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding a child in a sitting position during meals.	uesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of mahogany?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of birch wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object in the dining room?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the dining room.	esser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make furniture and is also often used to make tool handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the function of the object's cushions?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of hickory wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is also often used to make axe handles?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a function related to holding or supporting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make cutting boards?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a function related to feeding a child?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a piece of furniture that is used to hold a child in place while they are eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make sports equipment and is often used to make toys?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make sports equipment and is often used to make toys and is often used to make playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make sports equipment and is often used to make toys and is often used to make children's furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make sports equipment and is often used to make toys and is often used to make children's furniture and is often used to make cribs?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used to make tool handles and is also often used to make furniture and is also often used to make baseball bats and is a hardwood and is often used to make flooring and is often used to make sports equipment and is often used to make toys and is often used to make children's furniture and is often used to make cribs and is often used to make high chairs?	Oracle said: Yes.
highlighter,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than 50% plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic folder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or carry something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mark or write something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a highlighter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rolling pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pastry brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea infuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato masher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with food that is hot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Oracle can only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object a food scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food mill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food processor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skewer?	Oracle said: No.
hoe,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a saw. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for pruning or trimming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or on a workbench?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for digging or excavating?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pickaxe.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of one piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a trowel.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for breaking up or splitting objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed or outdoor storage area?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for chopping or splitting wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for breaking up hard earth or soil?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a mattock.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a curved or angled blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a hoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
holster,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a desk or office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a creative or artistic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves pulling or stretching?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to exercise or fitness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a back-and-forth motion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves thread or string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a twisting motion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a game or puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rubber band.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a squeezing motion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a pet or animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a pressing motion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a pinching motion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a baby or infant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a wrapping motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to gift-giving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a coiling motion?	Oracle said: No.
hoopskirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people wear on their upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people wear on their lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in formal events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedding dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening gown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of prom dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cocktail dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by women to formal events such as galas or award shows?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a red carpet gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of formal dress that is typically worn by women to formal events such as charity events or black tie events?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a black tie dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements such as embroidery or beading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a designer evening dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by women to formal events such as opera or theater performances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is floor-length?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am only answering yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is made of a smooth fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is made of a textured fabric such as velvet or lace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any layers such as a lining or an underskirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by women to formal events such as formal dinners or banquets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of formal gown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who is a guest at a formal event?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who is not the host or the main guest of honor at a formal event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to a specific social status?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who is a celebrity or a public figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who holds a high social status such as a queen or a princess?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific designer or brand associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by royalty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who is a high-ranking government official?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to a specific ceremony or ritual?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who is participating in a formal ceremony such as a coronation or a state dinner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening dress that is typically worn by a woman who is the guest of honor at a formal ceremony?	Oracle said: Yes.
horn,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a single function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to leisure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to, is it a string instrument, a percussion instrument, a brass instrument, or a woodwind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maraca?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a castanet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played by being struck with a mallet or stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played by being shaken?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object played by being scraped?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played by being struck against another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played by being rung?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played by being plucked?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played with the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played on a table or other flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal percussion instrument that is played while being held in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.
horseshoe,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a golf club.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a football helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mouthguard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball catcher's mask.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in American football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lacrosse stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in rugby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cricket bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball and a stick or club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves riding an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a horse shoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a household?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a creative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stress ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fidget spinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kaleidoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slinky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinwheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often taken on trips or to other locations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jump rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hula hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soccer ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of roller skates?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a football?	Oracle said: No.
hourglass,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or store things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or bind things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or transport things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep track of time or schedules?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a calendar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a planner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mark or label things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a ruler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object analog?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a desk clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pocket watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have numbers on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an analog timer.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanical mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an hourglass.?	Oracle said: Correct.
housecoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a down-filled coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bathrobe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of terrycloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe made of terrycloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe that is typically worn after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe that is made of cotton and terrycloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hooded robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe that is typically worn in the morning or evening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of robe that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fleece robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plush robe?	Oracle said: Yes.
housetop,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for supporting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a road or highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crash barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of traffic control device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in relation to the road?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the side of the road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bollard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of impact attenuator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cable barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shaped like a cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal alloy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sound barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent something from happening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of median barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of concrete barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Jersey barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crash barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of impact attenuator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of end terminal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of breakaway sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of road marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to protecting people or vehicles from something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bollard?	Oracle said: No.
hubcap,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of setting would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: The object would most likely be found in an automotive setting.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car part that is related to the car's engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the driver of the car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the car's wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at an automotive store?	Oracle said: Automotive Accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a hubcap?	Correct.
icebox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a device that provides a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
icepick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knife. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to cut vegetables?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a peeler?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a grater. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly used to cut through tough objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a cleaver.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a paring knife.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a chef's knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object smaller than a chef's knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a serrated knife?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a boning knife.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to cut on a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used in a specific way that requires a gentle touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a paring knife.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object typically used with the thumb and index finger?	Oracle said: Yes.	uess is that the object is a vegetable knife.?	Oracle said: No.	he object have a rounded tip?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a trimming knife.?	Oracle said: No.	the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a utility knife.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used for coring?	Oracle said: Yes.	uess is that the object is a corer.?	Oracle said: No.	 object have a circular blade?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a melon baller.?	Oracle said: No.	he object used to remove the core from a fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	bject used to remove a small part of a fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a zester.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a potato eye remover.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used to remove eyes from potatoes?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to remove seeds from a fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is an olive pitter.?	Oracle said: No.	 object used to pit a fruit?	Oracle said: No.	bject used to remove a pit or stone from a fruit?	Oracle said: No.	 object used to remove a small pit or stone from a fruit or vegetable that has a pit or stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	uess is that the object is a cherry pitter.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .
inkwell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves striking or pounding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves creating or making something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or molding something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal and wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is an axe. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves working with a specific material, such as wood, clay, or stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a task that involves carving?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a room with a workbench?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a chisel set.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying pressure or force to shape or mold the material?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves working with wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in an art studio?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for sculpting?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves shaping or molding clay?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a material that can be found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a stone carving tool.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves grinding or polishing?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves working with a material that can be molded or shaped when heated?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of rock or mineral?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying heat?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves working with glass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case or covering when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves precision or delicacy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves working with small objects or details?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a set of jewelry making pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves bending or shaping small metal objects?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a hobby that involves working with threads or fibers?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a task that involves working with small parts or components?	Oracle said: Yes.
jacket,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat or jacket?	Correct.
jar,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vegetable peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with food that is typically served hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is stored?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic container with a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookie jar?	Correct.
jewel,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of collectible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ceramic item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crystal item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal cluster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal geode?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crystal specimen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amethyst crystal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of quartz crystal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crystal that is often used in jewelry?	Correct.
jigsaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a comb.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game or puzzle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Rubik's Cube.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kaleidoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creative expression?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a whistle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a top.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bubble wand.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle or extension?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pinwheel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular children's toy or franchise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Pokmon toy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or bright color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of play or imaginative scenario?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toy phone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a character or mascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of creative or artistic play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toy box or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a playdough tool.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soft or flexible texture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a building block.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or build something?	Oracle said: Yes.
jug,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bowl.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pitcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a teapot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a specific ritual or ceremony?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wine decanter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used during a particular holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with hot foods or drinks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a coffee maker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve or dispense a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a water jug.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in a room, like a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing or fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of jeans. <|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of khaki pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of corduroy pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn in formal events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of chino pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of cargo pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of sweatpants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn for running or jogging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of running pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Does the object have an elastic waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of leggings.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of athletic pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Are the object's legs loose-fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of joggers.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Does the object have a drawstring waist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of running tights.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of athletic pants with a drawstring waist.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of sweatpants with a drawstring waist.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have side pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of fleece pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear that is commonly worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of thermal pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soft, fleecy interior?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of wind pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear that is water-resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of rain pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	Guesser said: Does the object have a breathable, moisture-wicking fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of hiking pants.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.
kayak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	 will now play the role of the Oracle. What is your first question?	Oracle said: I'm ready to answer your questions.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a Ferris wheel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a carousel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a water slide?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of stage?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an amusement park ride?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of screen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of tent?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a performance?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a festival or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object require tickets to use it?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for transportation of goods?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for transportation of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a harbor?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of warship?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a passenger ship?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of speedboat?	Oracle said: No.
kazoo,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kazoo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kerchief,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used to apply or remove makeup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm done.I've guessed the object. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm done, I've guessed the object. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm done, I've guessed the object.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm done, I've guessed the object.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm done, I've guessed the object.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What category of objects does the handkerchief belong to?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Yes.
kettle,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: In a cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of food does the object help prepare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food processor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance that sits on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand alone appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Correct.
kettledrum,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a home theater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in a home theater is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people sit on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that produces sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soundbar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a subwoofer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in a specific type of entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in playing music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bass drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snare drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often played with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of, besides metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bongo drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a conga drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a djembe drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that originated in the Middle East?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a darbuka drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doumbek drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often decorated with intricate designs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a riq drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made with a material other than metal, such as wood, plastic, or animal skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often played in traditional Arabic music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often played in traditional Persian music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a daf drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tonbak drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a music room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often played in traditional Persian classical music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dayereh drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often played with a specific type of mallet or stick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drum that is often decorated with engravings or carvings?	Oracle said: Yes.
key,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or supporting the body while sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to unlock or lock something.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Correct.
keyhole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people often keep near their beds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleeping in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of metal figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often given as a gift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional purpose beyond being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a dresser or nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal wind chime.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be placed in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pocket watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of metal and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or string attached to it?	Oracle said: No.
kilt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning or hygiene in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a creative activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the pants typically worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants casual pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is khaki pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the pants?	Oracle said: I do not know what you mean by primary color.	Guesser said: Is the primary color of the pants blue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is blue casual pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made for a specific type of activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants made for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material other than cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the pants have a special feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the special feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the special feature for comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material other than cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is wool casual pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the special feature related to the wool material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the special feature related to the fit of the pants?	Oracle said: Yes.
knapsack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover or wrap something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or luggage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of one color of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gym bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, red?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, gray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, purple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, yellow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, orange?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, tan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, turquoise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, pink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, a color that is not commonly associated with gym bags?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, a solid color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, a color that is commonly associated with sports teams?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, a plaid color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gym bag that you are thinking of, a striped color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by students to carry their sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.
knickers,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal byproduct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object khaki pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants corduroy pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is often worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object linen pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants seersucker pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a cotton blend?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is often worn for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants chino pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is suitable for a casual office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the pants typically worn?	Guesser did not ask a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is suitable for a casual social gathering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is loose-fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant with an elastic waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants jogger pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual pant that is often worn for lounging around the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a soft cotton fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.
knife,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Correct.
knuckles,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a sporting goods store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is it, is it something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of padding or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headgear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mouthguard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoulderpad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of chest protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of knee pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of elbow pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a specific body part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to protect the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of hand protection used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of boxing glove?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection of the hands during a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of glove used in martial arts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of karate glove?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of glove used in a combat sport that involves grappling?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in the sport of kickboxing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of kickboxing glove?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hand wrap used in kickboxing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the hands during the sport of kickboxing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of hand protection used by kickboxers during matches?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of hand protection used by kickboxers during training?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used during training?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a gym or training facility?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of glove used for training in kickboxing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hand wrap or bandage used in kickboxing training?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the primary material of the object gauze?	Oracle said: No.
lace,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles or soft fibers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply or remove something from the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Lace is typically stored in a drawer or on a shelf when not in use.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of lace?	Correct.
lantern,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a nightstand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedside lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a candle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object use a wick?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an oil lamp.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a lantern?	Correct.
lapel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in an office, such as holding or supporting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of award or trophy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a visible location in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often personalized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of desk clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of business card holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of engraved item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of commemorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a location where it can be easily seen by visitors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative accent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a reception area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a waiting area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a conference room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of centerpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gift that is often given to an employee?	Oracle said: Yes.
latch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material, in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific or intended location where it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workplace or office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization or arrangement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense or distribute something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to bind or fasten things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hole punch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to paperwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to crafting or sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach or stick things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with an adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring or elastic component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a binder clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to join or connect two or more things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hinge or pivoting part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperclip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or grasp something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or hold a specific type of object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a textured or rubberized surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or hold a pen or pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a clipboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or hold a small object, like a key or a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or hold a cord or cable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cord organizer.?	Oracle said: No.
leash,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a water sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in cycling?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for an individual sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to hit something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a golf ball.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in rock climbing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in horseback riding?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made mostly of leather and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a saddle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a rope?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a lasso.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to secure or support the user in the sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to propel the user in the sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piece of safety equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a climbing harness.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of boxing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the user's head?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or a case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a mouthguard.?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used to protect the user's hands?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to protect the user's feet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a sporting goods store?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the user's knees?	Oracle said: No.
lens,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art or music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support something related to reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to glasses or other vision correction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lens?	Correct.
leotard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing or accessories in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory that is carried?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat and scarf set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for athletic or recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an athletic jersey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn while playing sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elbow pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by people who play team sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the sports uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports uniform that is worn by a specific position or role in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by a large number of people on a team?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a football uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soccer uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hockey uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchy fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports uniform that is worn for a sport played on ice?	Oracle said: No.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting or piercing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves measuring or quantifying something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves organizing or managing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperclip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves binding or fastening things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves time or scheduling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a desk calendar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves arranging or sorting things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ruler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves money or financial transactions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves communication or messaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a surface when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves holding or supporting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bookend.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support papers or documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support a pen or pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk or table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support a small container or vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a doorstop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support a cord or cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal turntable.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a specific type of material or substance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or support a small tool or instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an environment where cleanliness is important?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.
linen,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a night shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button-down dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt with a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it suitable for formal occasions?	Oracle said: I am not answering that question because it is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a high thread count?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a luxurious fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object that makes it suitable for formal occasions?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object's luxurious fabric what makes it suitable for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object cashmere?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of dress shirt that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object velvet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be monogrammed?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that is often monogrammed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object linen?	Correct.
linoleum,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen tool used for a specific task, such as a garlic press or a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of spice or herb?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to coffee or tea?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to waste or trash?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of sponge or cloth?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean the sink?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of food packaging?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object biodegradable?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of paper product?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of fiber or textile?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of leather?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of bone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a hole or cavity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a kitchen utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.
lipstick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a cotton swab.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to apply or remove something from the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a band-aid.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a nail file.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to shape or trim something on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a pair of nail clippers.?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used to trim or shape facial hair?	Oracle said: No.	My guess is that the object is a razor.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to trim or shape hair on the head?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is an eyebrow trimmer.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to trim or shape toenails or fingernails?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a cuticle pusher.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to trim or shape body hair?	Oracle said: No.	 guess is that the object is a hair remover.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or package when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a Q-tip.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to apply a fragrant or scented substance to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a perfume applicator.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to apply a fragrant or scented substance to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a deodorant stick.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Does the object have a sticky or adhesive property?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a scented sticker.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object used to apply fragrance to the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a scented lotion packet.?	Oracle said: No.	he object used to apply fragrance to the face?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a scented wipe.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a purse or bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a lip balm.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a small size or compact design?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a travel-sized perfume.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to apply fragrance to the body in a discreet or subtle way?	Oracle said: No.	: Does the object have a single-use or limited-use design?	Oracle said: Yes.	uess is that the object is a fragrance sample.?	Oracle said: No.	he object used to apply a fragrant or scented substance to the body in a specific or targeted way?	Oracle said: Yes.	ss is that the object is a scented patch.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply a fragrant or scented substance to the underarms?	Oracle said: No.
locket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a jewelry box or on a dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pearl necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object, excluding the metal parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have precious stones?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of jewelry is the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diamond necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gold necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a cell phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a silver necklace with precious stones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object platinum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have emeralds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have rubies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sapphire necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple precious stones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single large precious stone necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a topaz necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turquoise necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amethyst necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a durable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an aquamarine necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garnet necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a velvet lined box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an opal necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a peridot necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary metal part made of a silver alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a citrine necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanzanite necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a moonstone necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunstone necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an alexandrite necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zircon necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a woman's jewelry box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an onyx necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kyanite necklace?	Oracle said: No.
loincloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose for a person's daily life?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide protection from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a dresser when not being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of khaki pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of casual pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the pants typically worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants typically worn for a formal occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants typically worn for a business casual occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants typically worn for a semi-formal occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants typically worn for an informal occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of lounge pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of slacks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of corduroy pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of chino pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the pants typically stored when they are not being worn?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Does the object have an elastic waistband?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a pair of drawstring pants?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a pair of linen pants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a pair of wool pants?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pair of fleece pants?	Oracle said: No.
longboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle that travels on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or near a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a type of boat that is propelled by a person using a paddle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is resistant to rotting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat typically used on a lake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of cedar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of cypress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the rowboat typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is native to North America?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of teak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the rowboat is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of redwood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is resistant to insects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used on a type of lake that is often found in a mountainous region?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for building houses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for building decks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often pressure-treated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for making fences?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a recreational activity that involves a team of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a team sport that is played in the Olympics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat typically stored in a boathouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for building boathouses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for making docks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a recreational activity that takes place during the summer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a recreational activity that takes place during the spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for building barns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for making picnic tables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for making playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for making garden benches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a recreational activity that involves racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a type of racing that involves a crew of rowers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat used for a type of racing that involves a single rower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rowboat made of a type of wood that is often used for making tool handles?	Oracle said: No.
longbow,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a soccer ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lacrosse stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit or strike something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hockey stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cricket bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a goal or target?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of polo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a field hockey stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a weighted end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a throwing sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a javelin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a high level of strength to use effectively?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that is part of the Olympic Games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shot put.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a discus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bowling ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or cavity in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shot put with a hole in it for grip, but that doesn't exist, so I'm going to take a guess that the object is something else, I'm going to take a guess that the object is a discus with a hole in it, but that doesn't exist either, so I'm going to take a guess that the object is something else, I'm going to take a guess that the object is?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport where the objective is to score points by throwing the object into a goal or target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a boomerang.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.
lotion,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton swab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup remover wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wet wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply something to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cosmetic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mascara?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply a liquid to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a liquid foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a cream?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concealer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply eye cream?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply moisturizer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cool dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an applicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a moisturizing pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cream container?	Oracle said: No.
loveseat,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have cushions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean bag chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Correct.
lumber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an artistic or creative task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gardening tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game or puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves crafting or building something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for woodworking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or smooth wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanding block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove small amounts of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spokeshave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a marking gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make precise cuts or measurements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a straightedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a combination square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a caliper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .
magazine,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Correct.
mailbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a profession or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chef's knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an artistic or creative field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task involving food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a level.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to plants or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by a person in the construction trade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or sporting activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the care or maintenance of animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piece of firewood.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a mode of transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a rural or wilderness setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a walking stick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves digging or excavation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the installation or maintenance of utilities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden mallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with other objects or as part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves measurement or quantification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a type of craft or skilled trade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden handle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a type of equipment or machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a stationary or fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tree branch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people in a variety of different professions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves carrying or lifting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task that involves movement or transportation of objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves lifting heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a type of furniture or fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden pallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that involves carrying or moving multiple objects at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with other people?	Oracle said: Yes.
mailbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink, but not in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things that are related to a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry school supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things for a work-related activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things for a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things for a task that involves a change of clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry laundry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry trash or recyclables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of plastic and fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a specific task that requires the items to be kept organized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used by multiple people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is used to carry and serve food or drinks to multiple people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a task that takes place in a specific room or area of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a task that involves sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a task that involves standing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a task that involves movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a task that involves a group of people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway or entryway?	Oracle said: Yes.
mainsail,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for guiding or directing the flow of traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of road or path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found near a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for traveling over water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that supports a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buoy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope or cable used to secure a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of marine hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help a boat to move through the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mainsail?	Correct.
mallet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object attached to a building?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves lifting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a trowel.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to shape or smooth concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to finish the surface of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to apply force to concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to stamp or texture concrete?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of metal and wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to float or level concrete?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an edger.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove excess concrete?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to vibrate concrete?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	esser said: Is the object used to spread concrete?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to mix concrete?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a level.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to scrape or remove old concrete?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a vertical position?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to pound or tap concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a tamper.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to pack down or compact soil or concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a hand tamper.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for landscaping or gardening tasks?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for tasks related to foundations or slabs?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.
mandolin,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Correct.
manger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a counter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shelf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to display food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a sideboard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a buffet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plate rack.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a decorative object?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a china cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object sit on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a baker's rack?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a hutch?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold something.	ser said: Is the object a bookshelf used to hold cookbooks?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a display case?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a curio cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have multiple levels?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an etagere.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to hold dishes?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a bar?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of only wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a shelving unit?	Oracle said: No.
map,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a beach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Correct.
marionette,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slinky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings or cords?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a hand puppet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mouth that can be opened and closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a finger puppet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a ventriloquist's dummy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marionette?	Correct.
mascara,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a cosmetic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply color to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is lipstick. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to apply powder to the face?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to apply a liquid to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of, is it something that would be found in a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom, or an office?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object used to apply a colored liquid to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a makeup brush?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically stored in a makeup bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mascara.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mask,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for visual entertainment, such as watching or reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for creative expression?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an art supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a visual work of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tell a story?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to imagination or fantasy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a costume or accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Correct.
mast,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a marina?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically over 20 feet long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any plastic parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a harbor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catamaran?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trawler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skiff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a runabout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dinghy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buoy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighthouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.
mat,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hygenic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a soap dispenser. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to cover food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to cover a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to cover the face?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a shower cap.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically made in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to cover the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object provide arch support?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used after showering?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically made of a soft plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of footwear that is slipped on?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a shower shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to prevent slipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used in a bathtub or shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to guess that the object is a non slip mat.?	Correct.
matchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an art or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a pencil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a desk calendar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper towel roll.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a specific type of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a type of paper that serves a functional purpose rather than being used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tissue box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paper dispensed by the object used for cleaning or hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paper dispensed by the object used for business or financial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on a desk or table in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a receipt roll.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense paper that is used for a specific task or function in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paper dispensed by the object used for packaging or wrapping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically placed in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a type of paper that is used by office workers on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense stickers or labels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a type of paper that is used for a specialized purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stamp pad.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a type of paper that is used in a specific industry or profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a type of paper that is used for identification or authentication purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper tray.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a type of paper that is used in a machine or device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a printer paper cassette.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense paper that is used in a device that is commonly found in offices?	Oracle said: No.
matchbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing or storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container or a holder of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pencil cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made to hold loose items like paper clips or push pins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a push pin holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk tray or a small dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to hold or store small items on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a small compartment or separate sections to store different items?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a desk organizer.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically attached to the desk or is it free-standing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a business card holder.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store items like rubber bands, or paper clips, or staples?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to store items like pens or pencils?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used to store small office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a small box?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic storage box.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a hinged lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic container with a hinged lid.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store small items like beads or buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic bead container.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store small craft items?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to store small items for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic parts box.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have multiple small compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic tackle box.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing small items for a hobby that involves string or thread?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic sewing box.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store buttons?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store small items for needlework or embroidery?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store small items for a hobby that involves knots?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic container for storing safety pins.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store small items for a hobby that involves fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic container for storing straight pins.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store small items for sewing?	Oracle said: No.
mattress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a king-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under, is it a type of furniture for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a twin-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a queen-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full-sized bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an adjustable bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a murphy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trundle bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loft bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ottoman bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a master bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a captain's bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an upholstered bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a velvet bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leather bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a room with a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a silk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tufted bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chesterfield bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wingback bed?	Oracle said: No.
maypole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a merry-go-round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a sandbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a climbing wall?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an obstacle course?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a balance beam?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a parallel bar?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a horizontal bar?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used in gymnastics?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, specifically for children to play on?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wooden horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for pull-ups?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, specifically for adults to exercise on?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, for people to sit on?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of only wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wooden horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, for people to walk on or cross over?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a horizontal ladder?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, to help people cross over water?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, to help people cross over something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by people to support themselves while doing an activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a horizontal bar used for recreation in a public park, to support people while they are doing an activity?	Oracle said: No.
microscope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to operate it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a television remote control.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a table or countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord or need to be plugged into a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health or wellness?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to monitor or track something related to a person's health?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blood pressure monitor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a digital display screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a thermometer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound or produce an audible noise when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help a person breathe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a humidifier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to relieve pain or discomfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a massage device.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to monitor or track a person's physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help a person relax or reduce stress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scale.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to treat a specific medical condition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brand name that is widely recognized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an inhaler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to improve a person's sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a carrying case or pouch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hearing aid.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people who have a specific type of job or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clip or attachment that allows it to be secured to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stethoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical or clinical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require calibration or maintenance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pulse oximeter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect or analyze data related to a person's health?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sensor or probe that comes into contact with the user's body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blood glucose meter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure or track a specific vital sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a built-in timer or alarm?	Oracle said: No.
miniskirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose or function related to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover or support a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the body from the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a laundry basket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pair of pajama pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that serves as a layer of protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a washing machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn for a short period of time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for a specific occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for a formal occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other type of fabric besides cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: No.
mirror,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply something to the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with soap and water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically used in the shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object an exfoliating glove?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a face scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object usually stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a facial steamer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a cleansing brush?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a beauty blender?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that can get wet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to remove dirt and oil from the face?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to remove makeup?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a konjac sponge?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Yes .	ser said: Is the object used on a specific part of the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used on the nose?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used near the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an eye mask?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove something from the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a cotton swab?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply something near the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean the eyelids?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a container?	Oracle said: No.
mitten,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for functional reasons rather than for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a glove.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:I'm glad I was able to guess the object you were thinking of, I would like to play again if you would like to. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	y guess is that the object is a yoga mat.?	Oracle said: No.	 the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	 the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.
moat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural feature that has been altered by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of park or garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body of water that has been altered by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the Suez Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Panama Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Grand Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in Europe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in Asia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for irrigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Erie Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Corinth Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in North America?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in South America?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in Australia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Welland Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the White Sea-Baltic Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object longer than 100 kilometers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Cape Cod Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Houston Ship Channel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Illinois and Michigan Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Delaware and Raritan Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Ohio and Erie Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Wabash and Erie Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made for the purpose of allowing boats to travel through it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canal that is part of the Intracoastal Waterway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in Africa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Great Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Danube-Black Sea Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a major city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Augsburg Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Elblag Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Gota Canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal?	Oracle said: No.
moccasin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of padding or armor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the head or neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sneaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hiking boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a work boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an equestrian boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of riding boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot used for hunting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulated boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot with a low heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot with a lace-up closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot with a zipper closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot with a buckle closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for walking in mud or swampy areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for walking in rocky or mountainous areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for walking in grassy or wooded areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for turkey hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for deer hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for rabbit hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for bird hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for hunting small game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot that is used for hunting small game such as squirrels?	Oracle said: Yes.
moneybag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an art or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a profession or job?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pushpin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pouch or bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or store small items like pens, pencils, or paper clips?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small pouch with a zipper or Velcro closure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a change purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of canvas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small, zippered pouch made of canvas with a leather trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small, canvas pouch with a leather trim and a zipper closure, used to carry coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or container made of canvas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or container made of canvas, used to carry small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag or container made of canvas, used to carry coins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a variety of settings, such as at home, in the office, or while traveling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small, canvas coin purse with a leather trim and a zipper or Velcro closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small, canvas pouch used to carry coins, with a simple design and no trim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas coin pouch?	Oracle said: No.
mop,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No response to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that holds a liquid or semi-liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper or packaging of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dustpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Correct.
mound,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal byproduct, such as leather or fur?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper or cardboard product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be consumed or ingested?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a type of craft or art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a type of seed or nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mushroom or fungus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bone or shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a piece of fruit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be grown or cultivated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grain, such as wheat or oats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a piece of bamboo. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of root vegetable, such as a potato or carrot?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gourd.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of fiber crop, such as cotton or flax?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a corn husk.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of plant material used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a piece of bark.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a type of plant material used for medicinal purposes?	Oracle said: No.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pinecone.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of plant material used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coconut.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of plant that is commonly used as a Christmas tree?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pumpkin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of plant that is commonly used in landscaping or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a squash.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be used as a natural dye?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweet potato.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of plant that is commonly eaten by animals, such as hay or alfalfa?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water chestnut.?	Oracle said: No.
mousetrap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: It is typically located on the floor or in a corner of a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to trash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a placemat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to dining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a garlic press. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or prepare an ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly used daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a step stool.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to perform a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to perform a task that involves squeezing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a citrus juicer.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to perform a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to dispense something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a soap dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object dispense a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to dispense a food item?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a paper towel holder.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container with a pump dispenser for hand sanitizer.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to dispense a disposable item?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to dispense a item that serves a hygienic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container with a dispenser for wipes.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a lid or cap?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to dispense a item that is used for cleaning or wiping up spills?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container for dispensing plastic bags.?	Oracle said: No.
muffler,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located under a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of car part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a muffler?	Correct.
mulch,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object animal hide or a part of an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fiber, like cotton, wool, or silk, that has not been made into a fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seed or a nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific location or environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used near or in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tree.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mushroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of soil or dirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is clay.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of compost?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is peat moss.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of manure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mulch?	Correct.
mural,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made and permanent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dam.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stadium.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an airport.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy production?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a skyscraper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific architectural style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall or barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fence.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for privacy or security purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border or boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a levee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a natural disaster or hazard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sound barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a urban area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a retaining wall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a seawall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of divider or separator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a road or highway in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a noise barrier wall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of partition or screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a floodwall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a body of water in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of embankment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a median.?	Oracle said: No.
muzzle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a health-related task?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a camera. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to create something?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to prepare something?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by both adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to play a game?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task that involves string or thread?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a top.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task related to art?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for a task that involves a stick or handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a jump rope handle.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used for a task that involves pushing or pulling?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object used for a task that is often done for fun?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a fidget spinner.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used by people of all ages for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used primarily by children for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	oes the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object used for a task that involves manipulation of the object with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	 guess is that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.
napkin,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of, is it a type of dish, a type of food, a type of furniture, a type of appliance, or something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Correct.
neckband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a medical or health field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose rather than decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a cell phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toilet plunger.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a clothes hanger.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry clothing that is being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coat hanger with clips for pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap or handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a garment bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry a specific type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry clothing that is being taken to a different location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry clothing that is being worn, as in to hold it up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry an article of clothing to prevent it from getting wrinkled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a belt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold an article of clothing in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tie clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold an article of clothing that is worn around the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold an article of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoulder pad.?	Oracle said: No.
neckerchief,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn as a fashion accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to add style to an outfit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wool scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen neck warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of woolen neckwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen cravat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen tippet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen necktie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen muffler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of patterns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen neck gaiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen cowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen stole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen boa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically folded or rolled up when not being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen scarf that is typically folded or rolled up when not being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen scarf that is typically worn around the neck for warmth and style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function when it is being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woolen scarf that is used to keep the neck warm when it is being worn?	Oracle said: No.
necklace,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a recreational activity or hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting or piercing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves heat or fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Correct.
necktie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a part of the body other than the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to style hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for drying the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying or removing something from the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn around the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt that is not a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that serves a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that provides protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for a specific activity or occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of cotton fabric that is soft and breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for athletic or sports activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for formal or business occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Am I correct that the object is a tie?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it correctly in the end. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of tie that is commonly worn with a suit?	Oracle said: Yes.
net,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a single user?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular franchise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a play kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a block?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toy box?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a building toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary material component, other than plastic?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object used for outdoor play?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bubble wand?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pool toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a beach ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a swimming pool?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a pool noodle?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a kickboard?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a diving board?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a pool slide?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a flotation device?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a pool volleyball set?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a water gun?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object goggles?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a pool toy for young children?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a bright color?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a rubber ducky?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a squirt toy?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a water table?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object inflatable?	Oracle said: No.
newspaper,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or shape something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for indoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for competitive entertainment, such as a board game or a card game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a form of artistic expression?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fragile and easily broken?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for relaxation or leisure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object inflated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bean bag chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying or holding items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.
nightdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to hygiene or cleanliness?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: It is typically placed in a dresser drawer or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn for hygiene or cleanliness purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is worn to absorb moisture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that provides support or coverage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn under a dress or skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn under pants or shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that has a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that has an opening or closure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is fastened with elastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is from 30 to 60 inches in length and from 20 to 40 inches in width.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn by women for hygiene or cleanliness purposes and is made of cotton and has a waistband and an opening or closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn by women and is made of cotton and has a waistband and an opening or closure and is used for hygiene or cleanliness purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn by women and is made of cotton and has a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boy shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn by women and is made of cotton and has a waistband and is used for hygiene or cleanliness purposes and is not a type of undergarment that provides support or coverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn by women and is made of cotton and has a waistband and is used for hygiene or cleanliness purposes and provides support or coverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment that is typically worn by women and is made of cotton and has a waistband and provides support or coverage?	Oracle said: No.
nightgown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that people wear to bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cotton pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object silk pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fleece pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wool pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object polyester pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a natural material other than cotton, silk, wool, or fleece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of cotton and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of cotton and polyester?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of cotton and another synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of cotton and a natural material other than silk or wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of cotton and linen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of cotton and linen and another material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 100% cotton and linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 50% cotton and 50% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of more cotton than linen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 70% cotton and 30% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 80% cotton and 20% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are the pajamas typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: I am not answering that question because it is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Are the pajamas typically stored in a dresser or closet when not being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object machine washable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 60% cotton and 40% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 85% cotton and 15% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 90% cotton and 10% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 75% cotton and 25% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 65% cotton and 35% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajamas made from a blend of 95% cotton and 5% linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the primary color of the pajamas blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.
nightshirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is put on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that helps people sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a white noise machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that blocks out light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is commonly used to make clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm done. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: I'm done. ?	racle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I guess the object is a pair of pajamas. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a dresser or closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	guess the object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that people wear to bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I think the object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	: The object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of sleepwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	m guessing the object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Yes.	ing to guess the object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: Yes.
nightstick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health or wellness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vacuum cleaner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement or action of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an exercise ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision or accuracy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelbarrow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose, rather than being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lawn mower.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the arms or hands, rather than the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a weightlifting weight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves pushing or pulling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cart.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is typically done on a regular basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lawn aerator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves rotating or turning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wheel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to yard work or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves applying pressure or force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toolbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires the use of both hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a saw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves gripping or grasping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of pliers.?	Oracle said: No.
noose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a profession or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an artist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a medical professional?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing or accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves working with plants or flowers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an electrician?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a plumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves working with wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a builder or construction worker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves working with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a seamstress or tailor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used near water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rope. ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a cotton rope.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for climbing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for securing or fastening something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a marine or nautical setting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to horses or other animals?	Oracle said: Yes.
notebook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a nightstand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an alarm clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose or function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pen holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used for a task related to the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that can be used in multiple rooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used for a task that involves the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used for a task that involves the hands and is used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to clean the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to clean or prepare something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that serves a functional purpose and is used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used for a task that involves the hands and is used for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to apply or dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to cut or trim something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to write or draw something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a pen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that holds a pen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil case.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be placed in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.
