spacesuit,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials including fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for space travel and protecting the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What material is the object's fabric made of?	Oracle said: The object's fabric is made of a combination of materials including polyester.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in space travel?	Oracle said: The object's function in space travel is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is space.	Guesser said: What materials are the object's components made of?	Oracle said: The object's components are made of various materials including metals.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in protecting the wearer?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in protecting the wearer is to maintain a safe internal environment and protect the wearer from the external environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in protecting the wearer from the external environment?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the wearer from the external environment by providing a pressurized atmosphere.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is a combination of materials including fabric.	Guesser said: This is my sixth guess, I guess the object is a space suit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering private parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the clothing industry?	Oracle said: The object's category in the clothing industry is underwear.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that allow it to be worn on the body?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to social norms?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to social norms is to provide modesty and privacy by covering the wearer's intimate areas.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that determine its size?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes that determine its size are waist circumference and leg length.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is generally to provide modesty and comfort to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that determine its fit?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes that determine its fit include waist size.	Guesser said: What type of clothing does the object resemble?	Oracle said: The object resembles undergarments.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to hygiene?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to hygiene is to provide a layer of clothing that is in direct contact with the skin.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to fashion?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to fashion is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that determine its style?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes that determine its style include color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to protection?	Oracle said: The object provides protection by covering and supporting private parts of the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the environment?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect the body part.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that determine its durability?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes that determine its durability are the material it is made of and the thickness and quality of that material.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to the body part it covers?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to the body part it covers is intimate apparel.
hinge,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is hardware.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to connect two parts of a device or structure and allow them to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often attached to other objects and enables them to move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal and has a moving part that allows it to bend or pivot.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to other objects is to connect them and allow for movement between them.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for connecting two parts of something together.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is hardware.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's functions in its environment are to connect two objects and allow them to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes include a pin or rod that connects two parts together.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a type of joint that allows for rotational movement around a fixed axis.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically attached to two other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its environment is to connect two parts and allow them to move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other categories?	Oracle said: The object's category is hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often attached to other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its composition?	Oracle said: The object's function is to connect two things.
barbell,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a gym.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for weightlifting.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape and color?	Oracle said: The object's shape is cylindrical and the color is metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in sports?	Oracle said: The object's function in sports is for weightlifting.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the gym?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance is cleaning it and applying lubricant to moving parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 4-7 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in weightlifting?	Oracle said: The object's function in weightlifting is to provide a means of resistance training.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and how does it affect the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and subcategory?	Oracle said: The object's category is sports equipment and the subcategory is weightlifting equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the gym relative to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is usually found near the free weights and the mirrors in the gym.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape relative to other objects in the gym?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 4 to 7 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's function relative to the user?	Oracle said: The object's function relative to the user is for weightlifting or strength training.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and composition?	Oracle said: The object's structure is typically a long bar with weights attached to each end.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of sports and fitness?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be lifted in order to build strength and muscle.
asphalt,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of asphalt.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface for vehicles to drive on.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is composed of a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover surfaces.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of human activity?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving and surfacing roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of human activity?	Oracle said: The object is used for road construction and maintenance.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be used for paving and surfacing roads.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a binding agent to hold together aggregate particles.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of human activity?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads and other surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is composed of a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of human activity?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving and surfacing roads.
cloak,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically outdoors or in a fantasy setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to keep the wearer warm and to provide protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What material is the object's lining made of?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a fantasy setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a fantasy setting is to provide protection or concealment.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object's history is that it has been used for thousands of years.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: The object's cultural significance is varied.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a fantasy setting?	Oracle said: The object's category in a fantasy setting is armor.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a non fantasy setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a non fantasy setting is to keep the wearer warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical structure?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object's use in a social setting is to keep the wearer warm and to make a fashion statement.	Guesser said: What is the object's economic value?	Oracle said: The object's economic value is low.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a social setting in relation to its category?	Oracle said: The object's function in a social setting in relation to its category is to provide warmth and concealment.	Guesser said: What is the object's density?	Oracle said: The object's density is unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to its environment is to provide warmth and protection to the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to its category in a non fantasy setting?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing in a non fantasy setting.
brochure,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a document.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing information.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 8 to 11 inches in length and 5 to 8 inches in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the user is to inform or provide information about a particular topic.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is often found with other objects of the same type in a stack or a rack.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often picked up.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object's material properties are paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in providing information?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a particular topic.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's material properties in relation to its environment are that it is typically made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's composition is paper in relation to its function.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects of the same type?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a product.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape in relation to other objects of the same type?	Oracle said: The object's size and shape can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object is used to inform or provide information to the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties in relation to its composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a place.
armoire,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and has a large cabinet with shelves and drawers.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and function?	Oracle said: The object's category is furniture and the function is to store clothing and other items.	Guesser said: What is the object's material and structure?	Oracle said: The object's material is wood and its structure is a cabinet with shelves and doors.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and location?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothing and other items.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and size?	Oracle said: The object's category is furniture and the size is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's material and function?	Oracle said: The object's material is wood and function is storage.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: The object's typical environment is a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and material composition?	Oracle said: The object's category is furniture and the material composition is typically wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, shape, and structure?	Oracle said: The object's size is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and category?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothing and the category is furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and typical environment?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically wood and the typical environment is a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, shape, and material composition?	Oracle said: The object's size is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's category, function, and material?	Oracle said: The object's category is furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and typical environment?	Oracle said: The object's structure is typically a large.
jacket,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically made of fabric such as cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is being used is on a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth and protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the human body is to cover and protect the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and maintenance requirements?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's aesthetic appeal and style?	Oracle said: The object's aesthetic appeal and style is a combination of fashion and functionality.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of social and cultural norms?	Oracle said: The object's function in terms of social and cultural norms is to provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and shape?	Oracle said: The object's structure is made of fabric and has sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to other clothing items is outerwear.	Guesser said: What is the object's thermal insulation properties?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties in relation to its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object can be worn by a person and is typically placed on the upper body.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the environment?	Oracle said: The object interacts with the environment by being worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship with other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be worn by a person and is often hung in a closet with other jackets or coats.	Guesser said: What is the object's density and volume?	Oracle said: The object's density is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of protection?	Oracle said: The object provides protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's chemical composition?	Oracle said: Unknown.
gauze,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is medical supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the medical supplies category?	Oracle said: The object's function in the medical supplies category is to dress wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment, where is it typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a medical environment.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the medical environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for wound care.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition, how is it structured?	Oracle said: The object's composition is woven or nonwoven fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in wound care?	Oracle said: The object is used to dress wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability, how long does it last?	Oracle said: The object's durability is relatively low.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the medical environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the medical environment is to dress wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the medical supplies category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of dressing.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that allow it to dress wounds?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric that is loose woven.	Guesser said: What is the object's size that allows it to dress wounds?	Oracle said: The object's size that allows it to dress wounds is typically several inches in diameter.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is used to dress wounds?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is used to dress wounds is to protect the wound.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the medical environment?	Oracle said: The object is often found in a first aid kit.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the wound, how does it protect it?	Oracle said: The object's interaction with the wound is to cover and protect it.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure, how is it organized?	Oracle said: The object's structure is woven.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that allow it to be used in a medical environment?	Oracle said: The object is a thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape that allows it to be used in a medical environment?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a square or a roll.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with other medical supplies?	Oracle said: The object interacts with other medical supplies such as bandages.
dishtowel,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary but it is generally rectangular in shape and the size is around 16 by 24 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a household item.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and texture?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically white or a pastel color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's function in the kitchen is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 1 pound or less and density is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's function in the kitchen is to dry dishes and other items.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's location in the kitchen is near the sink.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object's material properties are absorbent and soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's history of use?	Oracle said: The object's history of use dates back to ancient civilizations.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a household item.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is often used with dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object's durability is medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and upkeep?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance and upkeep typically involves washing it in a washing machine and drying it.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and organization?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a rectangular shape and it is made of absorbent material.	Guesser said: What is the object's production process?	Oracle said: The object's production process is typically a weaving or knitting process.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to other objects is to dry them.
jumpsuit,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary from small to extra large and its shape is a one piece garment that covers the torso and the legs.	Guesser said: What is the objects location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the objects material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically cotton.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the human body is to cover it.	Guesser said: What is the object's material density?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of clothing?	Oracle said: The object's category of clothing is a one-piece garment.	Guesser said: What is the objects physical properties in relation to heat?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be made from materials that are breathable and allow for airflow.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in relation to the human body in different environments?	Oracle said: The object provides protection and comfort to the human body in different environments.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the human body in terms of fit?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the human body.	Guesser said: What is the objects category of clothing in relation to its physical properties?	Oracle said: The object's category of clothing in relation to its physical properties is a one-piece garment that covers the torso and legs.	Guesser said: What is the objects material texture?	Oracle said: The object's material texture is smooth and slightly stretchy.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in different social situations?	Oracle said: The object's function in different social situations is primarily for protection.	Guesser said: What is the objects category of clothing in relation to its material properties?	Oracle said: The object's category of clothing in relation to its material properties is typically made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the objects physical properties in relation to moisture?	Oracle said: The object is water resistant.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in relation to the human body's temperature regulation?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the human body's temperature regulation is to cover and protect the body.	Guesser said: What is the objects category of clothing in relation to its size?	Oracle said: The object's category of clothing in relation to its size is one-size-fits-all.	Guesser said: What is the objects material composition in relation to its durability?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is often a durable synthetic or cotton blend.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in different weather conditions?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth in cold weather and can be used in warm weather if it is made of a breathable material.
gargoyle,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The material is stone.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a statue.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is architecture.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the architecture?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the architecture is to serve as a water spout.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the surrounding architecture?	Oracle said: The object is part of the surrounding architecture.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the building's design?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to direct water away from the building.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to the building?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on the roof or walls of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's structural significance in the building's design?	Oracle said: The object serves as a water spout.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically attached to a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's role in the building's drainage system?	Oracle said: The object helps to direct water away from the building by acting as a spout.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with its environment?	Oracle said: The object is stationary and typically perched atop a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a physical body that is typically depicted as a stone carving.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the water?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the water is to direct water away from a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the architectural design?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the architectural design is to serve as a water spout.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to its function is a water spout.
textbook,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning and studying.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 7 to 10 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is book.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and smell?	Oracle said: The object's texture is paper and its smell is paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and color?	Oracle said: The object's weight is around 2-4 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and flexibility?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high and its flexibility is low.	Guesser said: What is the object's value and rarity?	Oracle said: The object's value is generally low.	Guesser said: What material is the object's cover made of?	Oracle said: The material the object's cover is made of is paper or cardboard or leather or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information and knowledge.	Guesser said: What is the object's history and origin?	Oracle said: The object's history and origin is that textbooks have been used for centuries as a primary source of information and learning.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object's physical properties are: rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is book.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is paper and cardboard and ink and glue.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 1-5 pounds and the density is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and subcategory?	Oracle said: The object's category is Book and the subcategory is Educational.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 7 and 10 inches in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.
mainsail,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The mainsail is typically made of a durable.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a sail.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions to propel a boat.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is outdoors.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object interacts with the wind to propel a boat or ship forward.	Guesser said: What category is the object?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of sail.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is typically made of a durable fabric such as nylon or dacron.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to harness the wind to propel a boat.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have to interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for propulsion.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment and how does it interact with it?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of sail is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of sail that is attached to the main mast of a sailboat.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically a type of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and function?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to harness the wind for propulsion.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large and its shape is typically triangular or quadrilateral with a curved edge.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a device for harnessing wind energy to propel a boat through water.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically triangular or quadrilateral in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and material?	Oracle said: The object's composition and material are typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's category is a part of a sailing boat and its purpose is to harness the wind to propel the boat.
harpoon,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting and fishing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 6 to 10 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in hunting and fishing?	Oracle said: The object's function in hunting and fishing is to catch and kill large marine animals such as whales and fish.	Guesser said: What is the object's design and shape?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a sharp point on one end with a rope or line attached to the other end.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: At sea.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the environment where it is used?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to catch or kill animals.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a long shaft with a sharp pointed tip.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in hunting and fishing?	Oracle said: The object's use in hunting and fishing is to catch or kill fish.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be thrown or launched.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used to interact with its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object's material properties are: metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and function?	Oracle said: The object's category is a hunting tool and its function is to catch or kill large sea creatures.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: The object has a sharp point at the end.	Guesser said: What is the object's design that allows it to perform its function?	Oracle said: The object's design features a sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and its effect on the object's properties?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and how does it achieve it?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to catch or kill large sea creatures and it achieves this by being thrown or launched and then sticking into the creature.
sweater,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of yarn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep the body warm.	Guesser said: What material is the object's fastening made of?	Oracle said: The object's fastening is typically made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth and comfort to the wearer.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: Sweater.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's material origin?	Oracle said: The object's material origin is animal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the torso and arms.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to the human body when being used?	Oracle said: The object's location in relation to the human body when being used is on the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the human body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical appearance?	Oracle said: The object's physical appearance is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the environment?	Oracle said: The object is worn by a person and can be hung on a hook or laid on a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the human body in terms of protection?	Oracle said: The object provides protection to the human body in terms of keeping it warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object's functionality in relation to the human body is to provide warmth and protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects that are used for the same purpose?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to other objects that are used for the same purpose is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material in relation to other materials used for the same purpose?	Oracle said: The object's material is similar to wool.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality in relation to the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's functionality is to provide warmth.
tiara,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and gems.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically on a person's head.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 3 ounces and its density is approximately 15 grams per cubic centimeter.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in its environment is to be worn on the head as a symbol of status.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object's composition is primarily made of precious metals and gems.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in its category?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be worn on the head as a symbol of status.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and the pattern is usually gemstones.	Guesser said: What is the object's history and cultural significance?	Oracle said: The tiara has a rich history and cultural significance.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature and thermal conductivity?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the ambient temperature of its surroundings.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and material?	Oracle said: The object's category is jewelry and the material is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's style and aesthetic?	Oracle said: The object's style and aesthetic is typically elegant.	Guesser said: What is the object's value and rarity?	Oracle said: The object's value is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance and importance?	Oracle said: The object's significance and importance is that it is often worn by royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's type and classification?	Oracle said: The object's type is jewelry and the classification is a crown.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high and longevity is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and optical properties?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically metallic.
mirror,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a reflective surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can reflect light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is glass with a metallic coating on the back.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in its environment?	Oracle said: The object reflects light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is smooth.	Guesser said: What category of objects is the object most similar to?	Oracle said: The object is most similar to objects that are used for looking at oneself.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in relation to humans?	Oracle said: The object's functions in relation to humans include reflecting their image.	Guesser said: What is the object's density and weight?	Oracle said: The object's density is approximately 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is a separate entity within its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to its environment is a decorative or functional item typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in relation to its functions?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically a reflective metal coating on the back of a pane of glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its category?	Oracle said: The object's function is to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically hung on a wall or placed on a table or stand.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in relation to its category and environment?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to its functions and environment?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to its functions and environment is reflective surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in relation to its category and functions?	Oracle said: The object's composition is typically made of a piece of glass with a reflective coating on the back.
flagpole,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of pole.	Guesser said: What functions does the object provide?	Oracle said: The object provides a function of holding something.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to a city?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a city's central square.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to a city?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to a city is to display a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to people?	Oracle said: The object is often placed in areas where people can see it.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings?	Oracle said: The object's surroundings are typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to a city's history?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to a city's history is to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to people?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to people is to hold a flag for display or signaling purposes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties in relation to its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is typically tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to the city?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to the city is public property.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically stationary.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the outdoors?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to the outdoors is to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is tall and thin and made of metal.
train,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transporting people and goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people and goods?	Oracle said: The object transports people and goods on rails.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than vehicle?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of rail vehicles.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on rails.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity or diesel.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in its environment is to transport people and goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What type of rail vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of rail vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 2.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people and goods in its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in its environment?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transporting people and goods from one place to another in its environment.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than rail vehicle?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of rail vehicles that are self propelled and have a series of linked vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in its environment and what functions does it have?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in its environment is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a rail.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source and how does it move?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity or diesel and it moves on rails.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in its environment is to transport people and goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than rail vehicles that are self propelled and have a series of linked vehicles?	Oracle said: The category that is more specific than rail vehicles that are self propelled and have a series of linked vehicles is Unknown.
streetlight,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is on a street or on the side of a road.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a type of lighting.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of the percentage of metal, plastic, and glass that it is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of 80% metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of how it provides light?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide light to an area.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 100 to 500 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to its environment is to provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of the chemical makeup of the metal?	Oracle said: The object's material composition in terms of the chemical makeup of the metal is primarily steel and aluminum.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the environment?	Oracle said: The object provides light to the surrounding area.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in terms of how it is classified by its function?	Oracle said: The object's category in terms of how it is classified by its function is lighting.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the people in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide light for the people in its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and reflectivity?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically gray.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of how it is powered?	Oracle said: The object is powered by electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of the ratio of metal to plastic to glass?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in terms of how it is classified by its material composition?	Oracle said: The object's category in terms of how it is classified by its material composition is a metal object.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the people in its environment in terms of how they use it?	Oracle said: The object provides light to people in its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's size is relatively small compared to the surrounding buildings and streets.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide light.
incubator,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 2-3 feet in length and 1-2 feet in width and height.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the medical field is to provide a controlled environment for the care and growth of premature or critically ill newborn babies.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass and metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing a controlled environment for premature or sick babies to grow and develop in a medical setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's environmental impact?	Oracle said: The object's environmental impact is generally neutral.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a hospital?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a hospital is to provide a controlled environment for newborn babies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object's function in the medical field is to provide a controlled environment for the care and development of premature or critically ill newborn babies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the neonatal or pediatric category in a hospital setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 20-50 kg and the density is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the medical field is to provide a controlled environment for the care and protection of premature or critically ill newborns.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in a medical supply catalog?	Oracle said: Medical Equipment .	uesser said: What is the object's interaction with its environment?	Oracle said: The object maintains a stable environment for its contents.	uesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal or plastic.	uesser said: What is the object's function in a medical setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a medical setting is to provide a controlled environment for premature or ill newborn babies to receive the care they need to grow and thrive.	uesser said: What is the object's manufacturer and model?	Oracle said: Unknown.
lever,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object can be made of metal or wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is machine part.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is variable.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is a long rigid bar that pivots around a fulcrum.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's material density?	Oracle said: The object's material density is Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in the machine is to provide a mechanical advantage to lift.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in the machine is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly and the shape is typically a bar or beam that is rigid and has a fulcrum.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in the machine is to change the direction of the force.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the machine?	Oracle said: The object's function in the machine is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is machine part.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and environment in the machine?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transmit force or motion.
yacht,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of multiple materials including fiberglass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is water.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for transportation.	Guesser said: How is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than vehicle?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of boat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides transportation on water?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreation and entertainment besides transportation on water.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions besides being used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: The object's functions besides being used for transportation on water include recreation.	Guesser said: How is the object used for recreation and entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is used for sailing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than boat?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of a luxury boat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides sailing?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions besides sailing and transportation?	Oracle said: The object's functions besides sailing and transportation include recreation.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have for recreation?	Oracle said: The object has functions for sailing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than luxury boat?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sailboat or powerboat.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to that is more specific than sailboat or powerboat?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of luxury boats.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a social setting is for entertainment.	Guesser said: What material is the fiberglass in the object used for?	Oracle said: Fiberglass in the object is used for the hull.
cannon,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large and the object's shape is cylindrical with a barrel.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 500-2000 kg and its density is approximately 7.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function and its secondary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to launch projectiles and its secondary function is for decoration or ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and conductivity?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and its structural integrity?	Oracle said: The object's composition is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting projectiles in its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and its resistance to corrosion?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high and its resistance to corrosion is medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its user is to launch projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and smell?	Oracle said: The object's texture is metal and the smell is gunpowder.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's age and its maintenance requirements?	Oracle said: The object's age is Unknown and its maintenance requirements are Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and subcategory?	Oracle said: The object's category is weapon and the subcategory is artillery.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to its user and its secondary function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in relation to its user is to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that can be perceived by the senses?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanical properties?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its environment and its user?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to launch projectiles at a target.
radio,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 10 to 20 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to play music and other audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality?	Oracle said: The object's functionality is to receive and play back sound from various sources.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification?	Oracle said: The object's classification is an electronic device.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturing process?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's function is to receive and play back audio signals for the user's entertainment or information.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical position?	Oracle said: The object's typical position is on a table or a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to other objects is to receive and play back audio signals from broadcasting stations.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed on a table or hung on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with its user?	Oracle said: The object's interaction with its user is through buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its category?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to receive and play back audio signals.	Guesser said: What is the object's construction?	Oracle said: The object's construction is a combination of electronic components.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality in relation to its user's needs?	Oracle said: The object's functionality is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronics.
popgun,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is small and the object's shape is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting small projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and texture?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically brown and the texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and how is it used?	Oracle said: The object's function is to shoot small projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically held by a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function is to shoot a small projectile.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the environment and how is it used?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a tube with a handle and a trigger.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its user is to provide entertainment by shooting small projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's category is toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the user and environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to shoot a cork or other projectile out of the barrel when the trigger is pulled.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object's function is to shoot or launch a projectile.
streetcar,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically urban.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transporting people.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is similar in size to a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the urban environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the urban environment is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the urban environment?	Oracle said: The object's location in the urban environment is on a street or a road.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the urban environment?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the urban environment is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship with other vehicles?	Oracle said: The object shares the road with other vehicles.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that allow it to transport people?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and a body that can hold people.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the urban infrastructure?	Oracle said: The object is connected to and interacts with the urban infrastructure through rails and wires.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed compared to other vehicles?	Oracle said: The object's speed is generally slower compared to other vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition that allows it to be powered by electricity?	Oracle said: The object's material composition that allows it to be powered by electricity includes metal for the wires and other electrical components.	Guesser said: What is the object's structural composition that allows it to hold people?	Oracle said: The object's structural composition that allows it to hold people is a metal frame with a body made of metal and/or fiberglass.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the urban environment besides transporting people?	Oracle said: The object's function in the urban environment besides transporting people is to provide a means of moving large numbers of people efficiently and to help reduce traffic congestion.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 60 feet in length and 8 feet in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to other vehicles?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people along a predetermined route.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition that allows it to move?	Oracle said: The object's material composition that allows it to move includes metal for the body and wheels.
laser,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of several materials.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically indoors.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object emits light and can be used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronic devices.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for various purposes including cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is a semiconductor.	Guesser said: What is the objects location in a typical house?	Oracle said: Unknown .	uesser said: What properties does the object have?	Oracle said: The object emits light.	uesser said: What are the object's functions in different contexts?	Oracle said: The object's functions in different contexts include cutting.	esser said: What are the object's properties when it is in use?	Oracle said: The object emits light.	uesser said: What is the object's category in a store?	Oracle said: Electronics .	esser said: What is the object used for in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Unknown.	ser said: What are the object's characteristics when it is turned off?	Oracle said: The object is typically dark and silent when it is turned off.	ser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object's physical properties include being small enough to be held in one's hand.	r said: What is the object's properties when it is turned on?	Oracle said: The object emits a concentrated beam of light.	esser said: What functions does the object have when it is used for cutting?	Oracle said: The object has the function of emitting a concentrated beam of light which is used to cut through various materials.	ser said: What are the object's characteristics when it is in use for cutting?	Oracle said: The object emits a high-intensity beam of light.	ser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to other objects is an electronic device.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in different locations?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in different locations can vary.
taillight,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is automotive.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in the automotive category?	Oracle said: The object's function in the automotive category is to indicate the vehicle is stopping or reversing by emitting a red light that is visible from behind the vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is approximately 12 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the automotive category?	Oracle said: The object is used for safety in the automotive category.	Guesser said: What is the objects composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is plastic and glass and metal and wires and rubber.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the automotive category?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the automotive category is to indicate the vehicle's intentions.	Guesser said: What is the objects physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on the vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's location on the vehicle is at the rear.	Guesser said: What is the object's type in the automotive category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of automotive lighting.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in the automotive lighting category?	Oracle said: The object's function in the automotive lighting category is to indicate when a vehicle is braking or reversing by emitting a red light.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other automotive components?	Oracle said: The object is connected to other automotive components.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the automotive lighting category?	Oracle said: The object is in the exterior lighting category.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on the vehicle in relation to other automotive components?	Oracle said: The object's location is at the rear of the vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with other automotive components?	Oracle said: The taillight interacts with the car's electrical system.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and glass and metal and wires and rubber and other materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other automotive components?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to other automotive components is to provide a visual signal to other drivers and pedestrians of the vehicle's intentions.
snowmobile,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 400 and 600 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed and acceleration?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be over 90 mph and the object's acceleration is from 0-60 in 3 seconds.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and texture?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically various shades of red.	Guesser said: What are the object's components?	Oracle said: The object's components include skis.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance?	Oracle said: The snowmobile's maintenance includes regular oil changes.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's price and cost?	Oracle said: The object's price is around $8.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion?	Oracle said: The object's propulsion is engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical structure?	Oracle said: The object's physical structure is a large machine with skis on the front and a continuous track at the rear.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in different environments?	Oracle said: The object's functions in different environments include transportation and recreation in snowy environments.	Guesser said: What is the object's components and accessories?	Oracle said: The object's components and accessories include: engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 8-10 feet in length.
phone,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of making and receiving calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and durability?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can make and receive calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can make phone calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and durability?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of making and receiving calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 5-6 inches in length and 2-3 inches in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and durability?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily plastic and metal.
plane,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transporting people and goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people and goods?	Oracle said: The object has wings and engines and it flies through the air to transport people and goods.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that allow it to fly?	Oracle said: The object has wings and is powered by jet engines.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size can be quite large.	Guesser said: How does the object's material composition contribute to its ability to fly?	Oracle said: The object's material composition contributes to its ability to fly by being lightweight yet strong.	Guesser said: What is the object's structural composition?	Oracle said: The object's structural composition is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category within the vehicle category?	Oracle said: The object's category within the vehicle category is aircraft.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical properties that allow it to withstand various environmental conditions?	Oracle said: The object has a strong and lightweight structure.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary source of power?	Oracle said: The object's primary source of power is jet fuel.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transporting people or cargo?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's aerodynamic properties?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or cargo.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition that allows it to withstand environmental conditions?	Oracle said: The object's physical composition is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object's purpose relate to its function?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people and goods through the air.
limousine,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large and its shape is long and rectangular with a sloping front.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transporting people.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and texture?	Oracle said: The object's color is often black and the object's texture is smooth and metallic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and size?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle and size is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in terms of its ability to withstand different environmental conditions?	Oracle said: The object is able to withstand a variety of environmental conditions including rain.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in terms of its ability to move and its propulsion system?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and is self-propelled by an internal combustion engine or other power source.	Guesser said: What is the object's history and development?	Oracle said: The history and development of the limousine dates back to the early 20th century.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and repair?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance and repair can be expensive due to its luxury nature and size.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties in terms of its structure and composition?	Oracle said: The object is a large vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's functions in terms of the services it provides to its users?	Oracle said: The object provides transportation services to its users.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of car.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of the services it provides to its users and how it provides those services?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide transportation services to its users.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in terms of its aerodynamics and speed?	Oracle said: The object is a large vehicle with a streamlined shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in its category and how does it compare to them?	Oracle said: The object is a luxury vehicle.
thermostat,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is small and the object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a device.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of the ratio of plastic to metal?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is mostly plastic with some metal parts.	Guesser said: What are the object's uses?	Oracle said: The object's uses are to control temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1-2 pounds and the density is about 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the location it is found?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the location it is found is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object's durability and longevity is generally 10 to 20 years depending on usage and maintenance.	Guesser said: What is the object's impact on the environment it is in?	Oracle said: The object's impact on the environment it is in is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to other objects in the room?	Oracle said: The object is usually mounted on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of the ratio of plastic to metal parts?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is mostly plastic.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object's functions in relation to the user include controlling and regulating temperature.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to in terms of its functions and purposes?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home appliances and devices that regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and color?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to the space it occupies?	Oracle said: The object is typically small and mounted on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's energy consumption and efficiency?	Oracle said: The object's energy consumption is low and its efficiency is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with other devices and systems?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can interact with heating and cooling systems.	Guesser said: What are the object's features in terms of its user interface?	Oracle said: The object has buttons or a touchscreen.
spacecraft,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for space exploration and travel.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large and its shape is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is outer space.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in space exploration and travel?	Oracle said: The object's function in space exploration and travel is to carry people or cargo from the Earth's surface into space.	Guesser said: What material is the object's propulsion system made of?	Oracle said: The propulsion system of the object I am thinking of is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when not in use?	Oracle said: The object's location when not in use is Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in space exploration and travel?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in space exploration and travel is to transport people or objects through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in space exploration?	Oracle said: The object's function in space exploration is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 5.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is metal and plastic and other materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of materials?	Oracle said: The object's category of materials is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in space travel?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in space travel is to carry people or cargo from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed and maneuverability?	Oracle said: The object's speed is approximately 17.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its environment is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and buoyancy?	Oracle said: The object's weight is unknown and its buoyancy is unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of propulsion?	Oracle said: The object's category of propulsion is rocket.
videotape,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is Media.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to record and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its user is to provide entertainment or information by playing back recorded video and audio content.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is plastic and tape.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with other objects?	Oracle said: The object can be inserted into a VCR to play video on a television.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is somewhat fragile.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to other objects is to store video and audio information for playback on a device such as a VCR.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a physical object that has been in use since the early 1950s.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its user's daily life?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for entertainment or education.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 3 ounces and the density is approximately 1.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with its user?	Oracle said: The object's interaction with its user is that the user inserts it into a VCR and then watches the movie or show recorded on it.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a horizontal or vertical position on a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a plastic case and placed on a shelf with other similar objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's durability in relation to its environment is relatively fragile.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user's emotions?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its user's emotions is to provide entertainment and sometimes evoke emotions such as happiness.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's size is small enough to be held in a user's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's energy requirements?	Oracle said: The object's energy requirements are to be played it needs to be inserted into a VCR which needs to be plugged into a power source.
jukebox,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic and wood and glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Unknown.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large and its shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object plays music.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is a combination of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a specific context?	Oracle said: The object's function in a specific context is to play music in a public place.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in a public place?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in a bar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the people around it?	Oracle said: The object's function is to play music for the entertainment of the people around it.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to its surroundings is a machine that provides entertainment in a public place.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a bar?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a bar is to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in a bar?	Oracle said: The object's material composition in a bar is likely to be metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically large and box-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the people around it in a bar?	Oracle said: The object provides music for entertainment and ambiance.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to its primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is related to entertainment and music.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is mostly metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a public place?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a public place is to provide music for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is typically larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the people around it?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the people around it is to provide music and entertainment.
