spacesuit,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is variable.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect a person from a hostile environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a space suit?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hygiene and modesty.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It depends on the application.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the edge of a door or a cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to connect two parts and allow them to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category is the object in?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for weightlifting.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is symmetrical and has a long cylindrical body with two equal sized rounded ends.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary greatly.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a yard or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tree.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in the yard or park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sporting equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in many different types of yards or parks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made and related to lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sidewalk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in a house?	Oracle said: The object's typical location in a house is a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn on the head or neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of outerwear?	Oracle said: Correct.
