abacus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length less than 2 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of titanium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to writing?	Oracle said: No.
accordion,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a category of objects that serve a similar purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category of toys is the object in?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of a single type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily for children's play?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly used in orchestras?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an oboe?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made from a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function in the orchestra?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object usually placed on the floor when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made from a type of wood that is often used for furniture making?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bassoon?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object often used to play bass lines in orchestral music?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piccolo?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object often played while seated?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a conical bore?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a double reed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically played by a professional musician?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is resistant to warping?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have keys or finger holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object often used in classical music?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is also used to make furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.
album,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to listen to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a record?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object 12 inches in diameter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have distinct sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a long play record?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact disc?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of vinyl?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a 33 and a third long play record?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for storing or holding something.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of songs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a fragile material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a music album?	Correct.
altar,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls under the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood and has a rectangular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a temple or a church.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cross?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve in a temple or a church?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pulpit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an altar?	Correct.
anchor,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sporting equipment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a competitive event?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object heavier than 50 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of anchor?	Correct.
anklet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No response to this question.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used while sitting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that can be used while standing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's weight typically less than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that is used for a task that involves a change in elevation?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that is done daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that can be purchased at a retail store?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose rather than a decorative one?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials that includes metal and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a metal picture frame with fabric matting.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be used to carry something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be hung on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to decorate a room?	Oracle said: No.
anvil,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, is it larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves bolts or nuts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a workbench?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a fixed position in the garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a task that requires a lot of force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hoist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a mechanic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a engine block.?	Oracle said: No.
apron,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to protect clothing.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of apron?	Correct.
armchair,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to provide a place for one person to sit.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a type of office chair?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of armchair?	Correct.
armoire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dresser made of oak wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the dresser typically placed in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the dresser belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dresser taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the drawers in the dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the dresser in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dresser made of pine wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the dresser in the room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dresser made of maple wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dresser located against a wall in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is often used to make furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the dresser in the room?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the dresser located near a window in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the dresser made of cherry wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the primary function of the dresser in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser located near a door in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the purpose of the dresser in the room?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the location of the dresser in a typical bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that starts with the letter "W"?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the purpose of the dresser in the room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is often used for making furniture and is also used for making other objects such as floors and walls?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the dresser used for storing clothes that are currently being worn?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser made of walnut wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser typically placed in a corner of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser made of cedar wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser used for storing clothes that are not currently being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that is resistant to decay?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser used for storing folded clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is resistant to warping?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the function of the dresser in the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is often used for making furniture and is known for its strength and durability?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the function of the dresser in the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser a piece of furniture that is typically used for storing clothes and other personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser a type of furniture that is commonly found in most bedrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is known for its beauty and is often used for making high-quality furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser used for storing clothes that are out of season?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser a type of furniture that is used for storing and organizing clothes and other personal items in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the dresser made of teak wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the dresser typically located in the bedroom in relation to other furniture pieces?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is known for its distinctive grain pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the dresser used for storing clothes that need to be kept clean and organized?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the dresser made of a type of wood that is prized for its beauty and durability?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the function of the dresser in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No .
armor,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to protection of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in emergency situations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a road or highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric in addition to metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a public place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of emergency response equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in a specific type of emergency?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic in addition to metal and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to protection of people from natural disasters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of protective gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of helmet used for a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for protection of the head in emergency situations, such as rescue operations?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of helmet used for protection in a hazardous environment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's size adjustable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of helmet used for protection of the head in industrial settings?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of helmet used for protection of the head in medical settings?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of helmet used for protection of the head in a home or residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of helmet used for protection of the head in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to the head?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including metal, fabric, and plastic, and is the object larger than a typical helmet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of helmet that is designed to protect the head and neck?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.
arms,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for driving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for lifting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a winch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heavy lifting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a horizontal position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in pairs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding heavy objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a come-along?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for pulling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage that is used for automotive repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.
artifact,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions about the object.	ser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the kitchen is to chop food.	ser said: Is the object a food processor?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a knife sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's material composition, aside from plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a meat grinder?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an electric mixer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for chopping vegetables?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a manual chopper?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of wood and plastic and metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task in food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to chop nuts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a nutcracker?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a kitchen tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a food chopper?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dish scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to prepare a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to grind or crush food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	ser said: Is the object used on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.
ashcan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of food or drink packaging?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found on a dining table?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	esser said: Is the object used to contain a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a centerpiece?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a holder for something used in the process of eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal or is it made of multiple metals?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the dining table?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object usually placed in the center of the dining table?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object usually placed in relation to the person using it?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to dining or eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a napkin ring?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to season food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed to the right of the dinner plate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold something that is used to add flavor to food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of silver?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a saltshaker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size in relation to other objects typically found on a dining table?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a plate.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the dining table?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than a fork?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to dining or eating that involves heat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located near a pepper shaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that can rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to add flavor to food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or contain something related to the dining experience?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a condiment holder?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.
ashtray,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that can be eaten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that serves a purpose other than eating or drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to trash?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trash bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is thrown away after use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container for holding something that is thrown away after use.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is not thrown away after use, but the object itself is thrown away after use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a large plastic bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is dirty?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed under a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a diaper pail.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small plastic container for holding something that is thrown away after use.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that has an unpleasant smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cat litter box.?	Oracle said: No.
asphalt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a profession or job?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage or workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tire pressure gauge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean or maintain a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to measure something related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to interact with a vehicle in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a steering wheel cover.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object attached to the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to repair a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is a spare tire.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to diagnose a problem with a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	d: My guess is that the object is a car jack.?	Oracle said: No .	said: Is the object used to replace a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to fix a flat tire?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is a jumper cable.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used to tighten or loosen something on a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is not easily accessible?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a lug wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a car ramp.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a specific step of the repair process?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to support the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a car lift.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to prevent damage to the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wheel chock.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to stabilize the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.
awning,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object provides shade.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fabric component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of canopy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of awning?	Correct.
axe,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: An axe is used for chopping.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Correct.
backboard,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or games in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a stadium or arena?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a goal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soccer goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gymnasium or a basketball court.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than 15 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a volleyball net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of obstacle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the sport of basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backboard?	Correct.
backpack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sleeping bag. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a tent. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be washed?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a creative activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a picnic blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a hammock.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a group activity?	Oracle said: No.
bag,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small plastic storage bin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoe box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items that are used for a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: It is typically carried in someone's hand or over their shoulder.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic lunch box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying items that are used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying items that are used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying items that are used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying items that are used for school or work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying books?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by students?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight evenly distributed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying items other than books?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color usually a solid color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a football?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a duffel bag.?	Correct.
bagpipe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal or is it made of multiple types of metals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves turning or rotating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping or grasping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a lot of force or pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to make music.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically played by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to make music.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a musical performance setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drum set.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a clarinet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a hardcase when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a double-reed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bassoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically played?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object often decorated with intricate designs?	Oracle said: Yes.
ball,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one player at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Correct.
balloon,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: It is round and light and has a string attached to it.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be bought at a toy store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pinwheel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a top.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a kazoo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily for fun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a hole in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a whistle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a name that is also a verb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bubble.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a purpose that involves spinning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a diabolo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a name with two syllables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a puppet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a part that can be squeezed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to create music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to create a loud noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of a type of plastic that is clear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a part that can be filled with air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a balloon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bandage,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a particular room of the house?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to health or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a bandaid?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object is used is on the body.	er said: Is the object used to treat an injury?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What physical attribute of the object makes it stick to the skin?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of medical dressing?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used to cover a wound?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a material that is breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to protect the wound from dirt and bacteria?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the texture of the bandaid?	Oracle said: No .	aid: Is the object used to apply pressure to the wound?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to stop bleeding?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically found in a first aid kit?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically made of a thin material?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to treat minor cuts and scrapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the medical category.
bandanna,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a sporting goods store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How much does the object typically weigh?	Oracle said: I will not answer that question.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a golf club. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where would the object typically be used?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object related to an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the winter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a glove.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for protection of the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size compared to a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of cotton fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the chest area?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a life jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for protection during a specific activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an undershirt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a laundry basket?	Oracle said: Yes.
banjo,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically played by strumming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of wood that is often used to make furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of instrument that is often played in a band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of oak wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Correct.
banner,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Banners are typically located in public places.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Correct.
barbell,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: You did not ask a yes or no question.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made mostly of one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of sporting equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of ball?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used in an individual sport that takes place on ice?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically made of one type of metal, such as aluminum or steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of golf club?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a competitive sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a metal that can be cast into a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a metal that has a high melting point?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for weightlifting?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of barbell?	Correct.
barbwire,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to prevent or deter.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a secure location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: You did not ask a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a fence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a steel trap. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in rural areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to protect livestock?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a cattle guard. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to deter coyotes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a coyote trap.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: The object is a coyote spooker.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of fencing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically taller than 6 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object barbed wire?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is barbed wire. ?	racle said: Correct.
baseboard,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to cover the joint between the wall and the floor.	ser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Correct.
basin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom or a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scouring pad with a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scrubber with metal parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific type of dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish scrubber with a metal scouring side?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head that is replaceable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any cloth or fabric material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with soap or cleaning solution?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sponge with a handle and metal parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to rinse dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a type of container used to hold hot water?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object heavier when it is full of water than when it is empty?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of kettle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to boil water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container used to serve water?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a water jug?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a type of pitcher used to serve water?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any fragile material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of container that is typically filled with water from a faucet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of cup?	Oracle said: No.
basket,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it useful for holding food or drink?	Oracle said: It has an open top and sides that are woven together to form a container.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Correct.
bassinet,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a bedroom or a nursery.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose, like a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object would the object you are thinking of fall under, such as a piece of furniture or a type of decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a crib?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a bedroom or nursery?	Oracle said: It is used to hold a baby.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of still a crib?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plastic crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a store that sells baby supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a changing table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a store that sells baby supplies, located in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a playpen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that a baby can sleep in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of used for in a nursery or a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a portable crib or a play yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a closet or on the floor of a bedroom or nursery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bassinet?	Correct.
bath,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have four legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for musical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Yes .	sser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is not a question that can be answered with a yes or no.	er said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a love seat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for washing the body.	er said: Is the object a bathtub?	Correct.
bathrobe,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to keep a person warm after a bath or shower.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Correct.
bathtub,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a bathtub.	Guesser said: Is the bathtub you are thinking of made of porcelain?	Correct.
baton,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when not being used?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a locker.	esser said: Is the object used in a competitive activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than 50% plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a puck?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag when not being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a piece of sports equipment that is worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to protect the ball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in the sport of American Football?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a hard plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in the sport of Lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hit or strike something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in the sport of Hockey?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the sport of Baseball is to hit the ball.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location when not in use in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including wood and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one player at a time in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a baseball dugout?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to score points in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag when not being used in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in other sports besides Baseball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a specific location on the field during the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in the sport of Baseball to hit a ball that is pitched to the player?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 2 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by the player to hit the ball that is thrown by the pitcher in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's length typically between 30 and 40 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used in the sport of Baseball?	Oracle said: No.
bayonet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to grooming or personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 2 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink, but not in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or sporting activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is an anchor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a weightlifting weight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to exercise or fitness, but not weightlifting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to agriculture or farming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pipe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to water treatment or management?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near a beach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a buoy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical size fixed, meaning it does not change shape or size when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a secure location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cannonball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to safety or security?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.
bead,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for recreational or entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a tennis ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used or played with?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a golf ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves rolling, tossing, or throwing the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a softball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a marble?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves catching the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves bouncing the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a game that involves spinning the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a ping pong ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves hitting the object with a stick or bat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a game that involves moving the object from one place to another?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves strategy?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a toy box?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object round in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ball used for juggling?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a single color of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a super ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a wiffle ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a baseball.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves a small number of players?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size compared to other balls?	Oracle said: Yes.
beaker,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of dishware?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf in a lab.	esser said: Is the object used for a scientific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it suitable for its scientific purpose?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	sser said: Is the object a beaker?	Correct.
beanie,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to keep something warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of beanie?	Correct.
bed,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials including fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a public place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a bed?	Correct.
bedding,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed you are thinking of a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bed made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the mattress have a special feature such as being adjustable or having a cooling system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the mattress belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress typically placed on a bed frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress larger than a twin mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a queen-sized mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a king-sized mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to other mattresses?	Oracle said: I can not answer that question because it is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: What function does the mattress serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress made of memory foam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the mattress typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a California king-sized mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress typically found in a master bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the mattress serve in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of futon mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the bedroom?	Oracle said: It provides comfort and warmth while sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the mattress made of a material that is resistant to dust mites?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of pillow-top mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of hybrid mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress made of a natural material such as cotton or wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of organic mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress typically used by two people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a full-sized mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of innerspring mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress typically placed in a room with a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress made of a breathable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of luxury mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the mattress in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The function of the mattress is to provide a comfortable surface for sleeping or reclining.	Guesser said: Is the mattress a type of mattress that is designed for back support?	Oracle said: No.
bedpan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing small personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a storage bin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a specific type of liquid, such as shampoo or lotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or holding hot liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or holding cold liquids, such as water or juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying or transporting liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a jug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying or transporting large quantities of liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pitcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car tire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a large water container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for outdoor purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a large storage container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: You did not ask a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning or washing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a smooth type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sink basin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing or rinsing a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.
bedpost,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide support.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bookshelf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or display objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a mantle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a grandfather clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object attached to the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I think the object is a headboard.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of decorative panel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to block light?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a mirror.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of plant stand?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a room divider.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to separate spaces within a room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of decorative accent?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I think the object is a wall decoration.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to display a type of art?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of architectural feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a wainscoting.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of molding?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinctive smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of trim?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a baseboard.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of column?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object is a bedpost.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a concert hall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of strings and wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a French horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often played by a soloist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flugelhorn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mellophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a euphonium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in an orchestra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material something that can be polished?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baritone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a hard case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a metal that can be polished to a mirror finish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bugle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a marching band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sousaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in jazz music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a material that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often decorated with engravings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in a marching band?	Oracle said: No.
bench,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of furniture is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the living room is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in the living room?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting in a specific position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reclining?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Correct.
beret,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a body part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tooth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be woven?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that comes from an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of string or twine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a type of animal hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.
bib,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect clothing from stains.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Correct.
bicycle,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function or purpose does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: In what type of location is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavy enough that it would be difficult for a single person to move it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a treadmill?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a gym or health club?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a home gym system?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a weightlifting bench?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stationary bike?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of an elliptical trainer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific type of exercise, such as weightlifting or cardio?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rowing machine?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of machine that is used for strengthening the legs?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a full-body workout?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of a pull-up bar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a home gym?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cable machine?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What function or purpose does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transportation and recreation.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bicycle?	Correct.
bifocals,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: On a persons face.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a type of eyewear.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to protecting the eyes from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of prescription glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the frames of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of reading glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses with a specific function other than correcting vision?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Where are the object you are thinking of typically purchased?	Oracle said: They are typically purchased at an optometrist office or a store that sells glasses.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a name brand?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to help people see.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses with progressive lenses?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of bifocal glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that can be worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical weight of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I can only answer yes or no questions about the object.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a weight of less than one pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that is used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical location where the object you are thinking of is used?	Oracle said: On the face.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that is used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the category of task that the object you are thinking of is used for?	Oracle said: The category of task that the object I am thinking of is used for is vision correction.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a prescription for nearsightedness?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a purse or bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a case?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical color of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No answer.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a lens made of polycarbonate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a frame made of acetate?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where are the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a nightstand or in a case.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that is commonly used by older adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be purchased at a pharmacy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a blue light blocking feature?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function is to help people see.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a scratch-resistant coating?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that is used for distance vision?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a part that can be adjusted?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has temples that can be adjusted?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a nose pad?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has screws?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be repaired?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of glasses that has a warranty?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I can not answer that question as it was not a yes or no question.
bin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food or ingredients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object be classified under in a store?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What location in a house would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of thin plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object is most noticeable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing dry goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic bag. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's size, is it bigger than a loaf of bread?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a cereal box?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a food storage container made of thin plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to preserve food freshness?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of wrap?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: How does the object preserve food freshness?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a type of bag that can be sealed?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store snacks?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a chip or cracker box?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a small container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store crackers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a small plastic container used to store food, such as a tub or cup?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a small rectangular plastic box?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a small plastic package?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for storing cookies?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a small container used for storing candy?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the typical material used for the object's lid or opening?	Oracle said: The typical material used for the object's lid or opening is plastic.	ser said: Is the object a small plastic candy container?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a small plastic box used for storing small candies, such as mints?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a small plastic container used for storing small candies, such as candy pieces or chocolates?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of candy packaging?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's color typically bright?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for storing small candies, such as gummy bears or other small candies?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a small, individual serving size container?	Oracle said: Yes.
binder,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of any other materials besides plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object used primarily with water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	the object a type of luggage?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of any other materials besides plastic and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	the object commonly found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of desk organizer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's function in an office?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to hold papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a file holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Where is the object typically placed in an office?	Oracle said: On a desk or on a shelf.	said: Is the object a type of file box?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a vertical file organizer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of plastic and fabric and other materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of file holder that can be used to organize and separate files?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a file organizer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
binoculars,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a mixture of materials including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the upper part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal identification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the lower part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be attached to something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a keychain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cutting tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for a task that requires a high level of accuracy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of precision instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a cell phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for a task that requires a high level of skill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used in the field of engineering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for a task that requires a high level of attention to detail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with both hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used for a task that requires a high level of dexterity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a silver-colored metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.
birdbath,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: It falls into the category of objects used in a yard or garden.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of plant or tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am only answering yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pool you are thinking of an above ground pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pool you are thinking of an in-ground pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the pool you are thinking of typically located in a yard?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to swimming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hot tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of kiddie pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pool that is used for therapeutic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pool that is designed for multiple people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of wading pool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a small inflatable pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pool that is typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically placed on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pool that is used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of birdbath?	Correct.
blackboard,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for writing and drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made mostly of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the office?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the office is for writing and displaying information.	sser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically placed in an office?	Oracle said: On the wall.	sser said: Is the object a blackboard?	Correct.
blacktop,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a man-made object.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to provide a surface for vehicles and pedestrians to travel on.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I can only answer yes or no questions about the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a highway.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used by people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway. ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a driveway.?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No response.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be driven on?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a driveway.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blanket,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or living room.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically placed in a room?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of curtain?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be laid on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function in a room?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in a room is to keep people warm.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of blanket?	Correct.
blazer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of synthetic material in addition to cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of work shirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an athletic shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be easily cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a nurse's uniform shirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a logo or insignia on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a police officer's uniform shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a firefighter's uniform shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works with their hands?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's function related to providing warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in a cold environment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a chef's uniform shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's primary material breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a business casual shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in an office?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to provide warmth in a cold environment, even if that environment is indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in a cold indoor environment, such as a warehouse or a refrigerated space?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in a job that requires them to be outside in cold weather, but also spends time indoors?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's weight evenly distributed?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of uniform shirt worn by someone who works in a job that requires them to be in air-conditioned spaces?	Oracle said: Yes.
blindfold,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary color of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically rectangular or square in shape.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am only answering yes or no questions.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to cover or wrap around a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a human head?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of blanket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cloth used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be easily folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cloth used for drying the body?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a closet or dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment or sleepwear?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that serves a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a thick fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of an apron?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that covers the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of when it is unfolded?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is commonly worn for a specific activity or occasion?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides protection from the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn for protection from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn for protection from cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is worn for protection from rough or abrasive surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be easily put on and taken off?	Oracle said: Yes.
blouse,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's typical location in a household?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is often worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically worn for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that is often dry cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a blouse?	Correct.
boa,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a board game?	Correct.
boat,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of construction equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Correct.
bobsleigh,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On ice.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zamboni?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an ice rink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in cold climates?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a goal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide a service to people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the sport of ice hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a snowplow?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bobsled?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in mountainous regions?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in the Winter Olympics?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of bobsled that can carry four people?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made in Switzerland?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object require a team to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a competitive purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a four-man bobsled?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the sport of bobsledding?	Oracle said: The object's function in the sport of bobsledding is to transport athletes down an ice track at high speeds.	uesser said: Is the object's length typically greater than 3 meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object require maintenance?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cold environment when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of materials that can withstand extremely cold temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a way that involves high speeds?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a four-person bobsled?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific type of competition?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of materials that are resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used on a track that is specifically designed for the sport of bobsledding?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by athletes who wear protective gear?	Oracle said: Yes.
bodice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made by Victoria's Secret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made by Hanes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of push-up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made by Maidenform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most women's wardrobes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of t-shirt bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of full-coverage bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made by Playtex?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a breathable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seamless bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lace bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of silk bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of satin bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cotton bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a woman's lingerie drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of everyday bra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of minimizer bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is gentle on skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of convertible bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of contour bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn under formal clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwire bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made by a well-known brand?	Oracle said: No.
bonnet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton and fabric only?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat that covers the entire head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a jacket or other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood of a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a hood of a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a hood of a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton and fabric only?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood of a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a hood of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.
book,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a book?	Correct.
bookcase,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the bookshelf typically located in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the bookshelf used for in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bookshelf made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bookshelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's purpose to hold decorative items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's material smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bookshelf used for storing books?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bookshelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's style modern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a contemporary wooden bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bookshelf in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height less than 6 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing items other than books?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden decorative shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's material heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's purpose to hold decorative items in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden bookcase?	Correct.
booklet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions about the object.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for indoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object usually found on a table or countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the book used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the book a picture book?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's physical attribute of having a distinct or unusual shape due to its paper cover or the paper pages?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the book an activity book?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bookcase?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to teach a specific subject?	Oracle said: Yes.
bookmark,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piece of fruit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a plant in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight less than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's texture smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an egg.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a baby in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's smell noticeable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.
bookmarker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In a book.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a library?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically kept in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mark a place in a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: You did not ask a Yes or No question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by students?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be easily broken?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep things tidy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to separate things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep a book open?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to hold things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stationery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach papers together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically bright?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.
bookshelf,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of furniture is the object, is it a bed, a table, a shelf, or a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a bookshelf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boomerang,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for a specific game?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a card?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What function does the object have in the game it is used for?	Oracle said: It is used for throwing and returning to the thrower.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one player at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ball with a rubber center and a plastic shell?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a paddle ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used on a beach or in a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a boomerang?	Correct.
boot,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of animal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of rock or mineral?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of blanket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's primary function to keep a person warm?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object's primary function to keep a specific body part warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a boot?	Correct.
bootie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object inflated with air?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pool toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a bicycle helmet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No answer.	sser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of protective gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for protection of the head?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a piece of safety gear?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for protection of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of armor?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	uesser said: Is the object used in team sports?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for protection of the torso?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a sporting goods store?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for protection of the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of shin guards?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of pad?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of guard?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for protection of the knees?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of gear?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in individual sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of protective clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.
bootlace,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton and a type of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be put in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handkerchief used for blowing your nose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of fiber that is not synthetic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be tied around something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a wallet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be hung up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.
bottle,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or a store.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to carry other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bottle?	Correct.
bow,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to guess that the object is a wooden puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is often used for furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object something that can be drawn or painted on?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that people sit on?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a wood that is often used for building houses?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of pine wood?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a sports equipment store?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for golf?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a stick or club?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: I'm going to guess that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a sport that is played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of cedar wood?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for the sport of lacrosse?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a hardwood, like oak or maple?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: I'm going to guess that the object is a cricket bat.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for the sport of polo?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in an upright position?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used for a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.
bowl,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a household?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used with food that is hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific cooking task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located near a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it useful for its specific task?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bowl?	Correct.
bowtie,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on the upper part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to identify the wearer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a badge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is prone to wrinkling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a silk tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pattern or design on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wool tie with a plaid pattern.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a polyester tie with a striped pattern.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shiny appearance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a polyester tie with a shiny finish and a geometric pattern.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often used to make clothing that is dressy or formal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a polyester and silk blend tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a satin tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn for business or professional occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a silk and polyester blend tie with a subtle pattern.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a width that is typical of men's neckties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a standard width polyester tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a clip-on tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a length that is typical of men's neckties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a long-sleeved shirt tie, no that is not it, I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bow tie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
box,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or containing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that can be sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: It can be stored in a closet or on a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be washed and reused?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or contain a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or contain food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic glove.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly used in a specific room or area of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health or medicine?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is commonly recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by both adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic straw.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a pet or animal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic container used for leftovers.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a way that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a football?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic bag.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a way that involves the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a disposable plastic storage bin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.
bra,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with water?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to, is it something that can be classified as a type of tool, a type of furniture, a type of vehicle, a type of appliance, or something else?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for applying or spreading something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used on a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is a curved shape that fits around the torso.	ser said: Is the object used for supporting or holding something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bracelet,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls under the category of jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to be worn for aesthetic or decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a single type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be adjusted to fit different wrist sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of silver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a silver chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have that makes it different from other chains?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically purchased?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often given as a romantic gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a silver necklace with a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a silver cuff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often engraved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a silver ID bracelet?	Correct.
braces,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for cleaning the body?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for drying the body?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing towels?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing bathroom items other than towels?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing trash?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing bathroom cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a corner of the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for holding or storing something that is used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located near a shower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for holding or dispensing bathroom items?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a medical waste container?	Oracle said: No.
brassiere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a closet when not being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location typically near other objects of the same category?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bra a training bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bra a sports bra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sports bra a high-impact sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of sports is the bra designed for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for low-impact activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size affected by the user's size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in different sizes to fit different users?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for medium-impact activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for running?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for dancing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bra used for a specific type of dance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for yoga?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight typically less than one pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bra designed for swimming?	Oracle said: Yes.
breadboard,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a desk or workbench.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a toolbox.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of any other material besides metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No response.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for gripping or holding something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in an electronics workbench?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is needle-nose pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a pointed tip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to electronics assembly or repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of electronics does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: It is used for holding and connecting electronic components.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a wire stripper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves connecting or joining two parts together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of small enough to be used with small electronic components such as resistors or capacitors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a pair of tweezers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that requires a firm grip on a small object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of any type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No response.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a breadboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breadbox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen items.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used for storing bread.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bread box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breastplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: You did not ask a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection of the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection of the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a vest.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a bulletproof vest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a life jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against the cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a raincoat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a leather vest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection of the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a motorcycle jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection against physical harm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a football vest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of thick leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a lab coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against germs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is an apron.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against sharp objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of leather that is commonly used for making shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by surgeons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material a type of leather that is commonly used for making belts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by nurses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against cuts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of leather that is very thick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific profession that involves working with sharp objects?	Oracle said: Yes.
brick,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building or on the ground outside.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it fall under, such as food, clothing, furniture, etc.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational or sporting purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have, such as its size, shape, color, or texture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found on a road or a path?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to guide or direct people or objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a vehicle in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be stepped on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paving material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a cobblestone. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	uesser said: Is the object a brick?	Correct.
briefcase,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a ferrous metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the primary function of the object to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or other flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for serving or eating food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be magnetized?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a magnet.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a door handle.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's size typically uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's weight significant enough to be noticeable when held?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's purpose or function?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object used for a purpose related to clothing or apparel?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically made in a single color?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a dumbbell.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task related to organization or arrangement?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object commonly used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to hold or organize papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific function related to paper or documents in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by people who work with papers or documents regularly?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object small enough to be placed on a cluttered desk without taking up too much space?	Oracle said: No.
brochure,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a lamp. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for serving food or drinks?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	said: Is the object used in a specific room?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to a musical hobby?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically found in a home office?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials including paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object used for in the home office?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a combination of paper and another material that is commonly found in a home office?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used for organizing or storing things?	Oracle said: No.
broom,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored near a sink in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning countertops?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of bottle brush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a vegetable brush?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials including plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pastry brush?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a dish brush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for cleaning a specific area of the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of plastic and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning the stove?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning the refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated cleaning supplies area in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning the sink?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of plastic and metal and also contains other materials such as bristles?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a dustpan and brush?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in cleaning the floor?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a broom?	Correct.
bucket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a car?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a car?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material other than metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a vertical position?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a garden cart?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of bin?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a corner of the garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for storing yard waste?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing garden tools?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing fertilizers or seeds?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for storing potting soil?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's color typically green?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing compost?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's size typically around 2-3 feet in height?	Oracle said: Yes.
bugle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size compared to other toys?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	s the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a piece of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a baseball card?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object related to a winter sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by a musician to produce sound with their mouth?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly used in orchestras?	Oracle said: Yes.
bullhorn,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located on a person or on a table.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a phone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toy?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a video game controller?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of remote control?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly used for listening to music?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a portable music player?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of computer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be carried in a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with a television?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of speaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a radio?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically placed on a table or a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a boombox?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be moved around easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a laptop speaker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of sound system?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a portable sound system?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically located in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a home theater system?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: Typically used outdoors.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a PA system?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for public speaking?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a megaphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a megaphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.
burlap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a book. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a counter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to the preparation of food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be consumed?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used when eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to serve food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is an apple. ?	racle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to a part of a plant, such as a leaf, seed, or root?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a seed?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a potato.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object something that can be used in cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object a root?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a mushroom. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used in a specific type of cuisine, such as Italian, Mexican, or Asian?	Oracle said: No.	aid: My guess is that the object is an onion.?	Oracle said: No.	e object often used in baking?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically found in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a type of fruit?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object green in color?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object often eaten raw?	Oracle said: No.	uess is that the object is a carrot.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object's shape elongated?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object a type of vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used in a specific type of dish or recipe?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a type of herb?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used to add flavor to food?	Oracle said: No.	he object related to a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a type of nut?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically stored in a cool, dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object often used in savory dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of spice?	Oracle said: No.
button,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	 the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a button?	Correct.
cabinet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or building.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function related to sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cabinet?	Correct.
camisole,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn as a piece of clothing.	sser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to other shirts?	Oracle said: Yes.	 made a mistake in my last message, the question was not a yes or no question, I will make sure to ask a yes or no question from now on. ?	racle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically worn by only one gender?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of a synthetic material in addition to cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of shirt that is often worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of casual shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of shirt that is often worn for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a peasant shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of shirt that is often worn for going out or social events?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a material that is breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of shirt that is often worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a camisole?	Correct.
cane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object usually stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a garden tool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that can be done while sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bicycle part?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to sleeping or waking up?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used while a person is sitting on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically placed on a dresser or nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object's function related to its aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a specific holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a collectible?	Oracle said: No.
canister,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said:In a kitchen.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	ser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of both metal and ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a metal coffee mug with a ceramic handle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ceramic dish with metal trim?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of more than two materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a serving platter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a kitchen gadget?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a ceramic plate with a metal rack?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ceramic and metal cookie jar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a kitchen tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of ceramic material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a metal and ceramic grater?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a type of food that is often served hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a glass and metal pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for holding a type of food that is often served at breakfast?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of materials that can withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for holding or serving a type of breakfast food that is liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard near a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.
canoe,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object bigger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of rock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of body of water?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function related to providing a service to people?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of tree?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to food or drink production?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of landscape feature?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object related to recreation or leisure activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of grass?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located in a park or other public outdoor space?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of flower or other decorative plant?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of court or field for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a water-based recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of boat or other watercraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function when it is being used for recreation or leisure activities?	Oracle said: It is used for paddling on a body of water.	esser said: Is the object a canoe?	Correct.
canopy,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object something that provides a service?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary material something that can be found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object something people live in?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a yurt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a tipi?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be taken down and put up again?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wigwam?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something people sleep in?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location in a typical house?	Oracle said: It is typically located over a bed.	esser said: Is the object a canopy?	Correct.
canteen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's belt or in a backpack.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pocket knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a handgun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a multi-tool.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for self defense?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold liquid.	uesser said: Is the object usually stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: I think the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used for hot beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a coffee cup.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object collapsible?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific type of liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for coffee?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or a container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for tea?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I think the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a type of liquid that is often consumed on-the-go?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a sports drink bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to winter sports?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a liquid that is often served cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a beach or a pool?	Oracle said: No.
canvas,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of kitchen tool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of curtain?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the location where the object is typically found?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of upholstery?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a holiday or celebration?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of tapestry?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the room where it is typically found?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration or to display art.	sser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of canvas?	Correct.
cap,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a comb.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object's size the same for all people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball cap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
capsule,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a specific location where it is typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a sport or exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a child or baby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to health or medicine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a wheelchair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used to administer medication?	Oracle said: It is typically used in a medical office.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an inhaler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to inject medication into the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a cabinet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an insulin pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer medication to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an auto-injector.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer medication to the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a type of plastic that is rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer medication through the mouth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of oral syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer a specific type of medication, such as a vaccine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pill bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a cool dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer medication to people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a medication vial.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of plastic that is often used for packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of blister pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a pharmacy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to dispense a single dose of medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a medication cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of packaging that is designed to be child-resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pill container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to administer medication in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of medical supply?	Oracle said: Yes.
carafe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: A carafe's typical size is about 1-2 liters.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a tupperware container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lunch box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container used to store and carry food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a lunch container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container used to store and carry a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food for a specific meal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food for a short period of time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a type of food that is commonly consumed at home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a type of food that is commonly stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically bright?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a type of food that is commonly used in cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one color of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a type of food that is commonly used in baking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a type of food that is commonly used to make desserts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight typically less than 1 kilogram?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically less than 20 centimeters in length?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a type of food that is commonly used to make sweet dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.
cardigan,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to keep the wearer warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pullover sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crew neck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of V-neck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during winter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of turtleneck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan sweater?	Correct.
carpet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a typical house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides support or comfort to people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soft or cushioned surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture that is typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an ottoman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain or a drapery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to comfort or relaxation in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sectional sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for both sitting and lying down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture that serves multiple purposes in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture that is often used for social gatherings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is easy to clean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to entertainment in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom as well as a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture that is commonly used for reading or relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves as a barrier or divider in the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a room divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to block or filter light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to blocking light from entering the room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location typically near a door or entrance in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to separate or partition a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be easily moved or rearranged?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be folded or collapsed for easy storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a partition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to create a sense of privacy in the room?	Oracle said: Yes.
carpetbag,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or hotel room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a laundry bag. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for carrying personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a suitcase. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a single main compartment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No response.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a duffel bag.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a garment bag.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a toiletry bag.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a sleeping bag.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for carrying clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is a gym bag.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object have a strap or handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a luggage bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carriage,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a train station?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific route it follows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tram?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific geographic location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a mountainous region?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a type of transportation that involves a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn carriage?	Correct.
cart,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on a countertop in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tin can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cookware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat or drink with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often used for packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a stove in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of kitchen gadget?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of aluminum alloy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface rough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.
cartwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transporting people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: I can only answer Yes or No questions.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found on a road or highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a semi-trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that requires a special license to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what location is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically found in a gym.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used for exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a treadmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an exercise bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stationary bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose in a gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a weight machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of plastic and metal materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an elliptical machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a full-body workout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically very heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rowing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a specific room or area of the gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be adjusted to different heights?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cardio equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stairmaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used for both cardio and strength training?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically very large in size?	Oracle said: Yes.
cashmere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found on top of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is worn to bed?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that is used to decorate a bed?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to keep warm in bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of bed covering that is used to keep warm?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's function to provide warmth by being wrapped around a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be wrapped around a person's body to keep warm after getting out of bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be wrapped around a person's body after getting out of bed to keep warm, but is not a robe?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn after getting out of bed to keep warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide warmth to the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it good at providing warmth to the upper body?	Oracle said: The object's physical attribute that makes it good at providing warmth to the upper body is the soft.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose in the morning?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in the morning after getting out of bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly worn by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be worn in a variety of settings, not just in the home?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly worn in casual settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have a function or purpose that is related to a specific activity or task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .
casket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a public purpose?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object related to a source of power?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual color?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of metal that can be found naturally in the earth's crust?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a satellite dish. ?	racle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for a recreational or leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in a home or building?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	s the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	e object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a type of closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a type of dresser or chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made mostly of copper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object something that people sit on?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's primary function related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly found in most bedrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.
catalog,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the office?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object usually located on top of a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in an office setting?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in an office setting is to provide information about products or services offered by a company.	ser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a catalog?	Correct.
cauldron,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to hold and mix liquids or solids over a heat source.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can conduct heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a metal pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object you are thinking of is used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stainless steel pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of copper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a copper pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a copper alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of bronze?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bronze pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cookware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cooking meals for a large number of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stockpot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for cooking and mixing.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a large object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bronze stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object you are thinking of is stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I can only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of vessel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for boiling water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a copper stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of metal that is often used for cookware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for frying food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a large cast iron stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cookware that is often used for slow cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of metal that is very dense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavy enough to require two people to lift it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cast iron cauldron?	Correct.
ceiling,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to, such as furniture, decorations, or appliances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house above everything else.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shingle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide structural support to the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roofing panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roofing material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ceiling panel?	Correct.
cello,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in a concert hall?	Oracle said: The function of the object in a concert hall is to produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in the concert hall?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce music.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any plastic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Correct.
cellophane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store toys?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store kitchen items?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of shelf?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store tools?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store linens?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to store sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store pet supplies?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store paper products?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located near a door?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing items that need to be kept dry?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's size fixed or can it be adjusted?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for storing items that are used on a regular basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of container that can be sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of container used for storing dry food such as cereal or flour?	Oracle said: No.
cement,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to a pet in any way?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically placed on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a picture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in a room where it is typically placed?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in a room where it is typically placed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function in the room where it is typically placed?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of decorative item that serves no functional purpose other than aesthetics?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the room where it is typically placed?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object typically placed in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's location typically in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object man-made and used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it decorative?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically found near a road or highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's size typically measured in meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a landmark?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function in a public place where it is typically located?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object the Eiffel Tower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in Europe?	Oracle said: No.
chair,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Correct.
chairlift,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location of use?	Oracle said: The object's primary location of use is outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in urban areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in society?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in rural areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object bigger than a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific geographic region?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in society?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in society is to transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a mountainous region?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a football field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skiing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found at a ski resort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of metal and other materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chairlift?	Correct.
chalice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most kitchens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 50 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a centerpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed near a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location usually on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location usually near a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hot liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coffee mug?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jug?	Oracle said: No.
chalkboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location typically in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 6 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's category a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute having a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location typically near a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's function to divide a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute having moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute having a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute having a distinct color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's category an office furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute having buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.
chandelier,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On the ceiling.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a metal material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is an airplane.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a bridge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a chandelier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chariot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in or near cities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's location when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or shed when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an all-terrain vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function in terms of the type of transportation it provides?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a dirt bike?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily for off-road use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a moped?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of motorcycle designed for off-road use?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object human-powered?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mountain bike?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a wooden bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of other materials besides wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function in the context of racing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.
checkerboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually placed in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration for a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is often used for furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of centerpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of Oak wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of pine wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wooden decoration that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cherry wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item that is often placed on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 10 inches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of walnut wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's width less than 5 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.
cheeseboard,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: It's typically located in a dining room or kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: It is used to serve cheese and other snacks.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of ceramic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a cheese plate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cheesecloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a fruit?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	You can not answer that question because Guesser did not ask a Yes or No question.	uesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Where is the object typically used to serve food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to serve hot food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to serve soup?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of dinnerware?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is a square or rectangle.	uesser said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is typically served hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to serve a type of food that is typically served at breakfast?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a waffle iron?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to serve pancakes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to serve eggs?	Oracle said: No.
chessboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves a target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of a material that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a stress ball. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: The object is a desk toy.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be squeezed?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: The object is a slinky.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create a challenge or puzzle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a Rubik's Cube.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to develop hand-eye coordination?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a juggling ball.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a circus performance?	Oracle said: No.	er said: The object is a fidget spinner.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to relieve stress or anxiety?	Oracle said: No.	er said: The object is a kaleidoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in a competitive activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a top.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or bag when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves strategy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a box or package when purchased?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a chess set.?	Oracle said: No.
chinaware,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dish or bowl?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a ceramic bowl. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a ceramic plate. ?	racle said: Correct.
chopstick,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or in an Asian restaurant.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of ceramic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Correct.
chute,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by only children?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by more than one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a recreational setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a soccer ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function in the sport it is used in?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a hockey puck?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport played on a field?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a football?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of only one type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves running?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a lacrosse ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of rugby?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport that is played professionally?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a softball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be found in a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of track and field?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically located on a track?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a shot put?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a discus?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a throwing event?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed?	Oracle said: Yes.
cleaver,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steak knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paring knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chef's knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is shiny?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object heavier than a cell phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a cleaver?	Correct.
clipboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	esser said: Is the object's size larger than a pen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's primary material other than plastic, metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of paper product?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's weight more than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pad of paper?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of paper and cardboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's physical attribute, size, larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a box of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's primary function to hold or organize papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of file folder?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's size larger than a folder?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a box used to store office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a ream of paper?	Oracle said: No.
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: The object is a shirt. ?	racle said: No.	aid: Is the object an article of clothing that serves a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a coat. ?	racle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of jacket that is typically worn for formal occasions?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's primary function to keep the wearer warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of jacket that is waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's size adjustable?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of jacket that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a denim jacket?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of jacket that has a hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: The object is a hoodie. ?	racle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of jacket that is often worn for athletic or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object located in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a type of jacket that is commonly worn during the winter season?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a fleece jacket?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth or protection.	 said: Is the object a type of jacket that has buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object a type of jacket that is made of a thick, heavy fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	the object a type of jacket that is commonly worn by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object's color usually bright and vibrant?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a specific function other than warmth or protection?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Is that a yes or no question? .	d: Is the object a type of jacket that belongs to the category of winter clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a specific activity or function other than keeping warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a type of jacket that has a special feature, such as a built-in scarf or gloves?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object's size related to the age of the wearer?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a type of jacket that is commonly worn for a specific type of weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object typically worn in rainy weather?	Oracle said: No.
clock,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to display the time.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clock?	Correct.
cloth,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of food or drink container?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose, such as a towel or a blanket?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Correct.
clothesline,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or support something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a backyard or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object usually placed in a backyard or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on or in the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of planter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of lighting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to hold or support plants?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to support a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of foundation?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch because it is made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of post?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of lamp post?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: How long is the object?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object a type of sign post?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to support a gate?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of fence post?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of telephone pole?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or support something.	ser said: Is the object a type of mailbox post?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in a specific area of a backyard or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of tree stump?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: How long is the object?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object typically buried in the ground?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a combination of wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.
coat,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of, is it something that can be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: In what type of setting would the object you are thinking of typically be found?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a coat rack.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made mostly of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coat?	Correct.
cobblestone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for exercise?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a group setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a social activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a public place?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object man-made for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for swimming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.
coffeepot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliances.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: On the counter.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually plugged into a wall outlet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coffee maker a drip coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in offices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-serve coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coffee maker a French press coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object programmable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percolator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in restaurants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coffee maker a stovetop percolator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in relation to other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed on the counter.	Guesser said: Is the object a pour-over coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Moka pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the kitchen counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a automatic drip coffee maker with a glass carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a box when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a electric percolator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coffee maker an electric coffee percolator with a stainless steel body and a glass jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a tray?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric coffee percolator with a metal body and a glass jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric percolator with a plastic body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to brew coffee?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric coffee percolator with a stainless steel body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Farberware electric percolator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Presto electric percolator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Cuisinart electric percolator?	Oracle said: No.
coffin,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to hold a dead body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a coffin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cogwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for drilling?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials in addition to metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electrical?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used primarily for construction?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for automotive repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a jack?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for lifting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic in addition to metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotating parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to change a tire?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to hold a wheel in place?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a vise?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a workbench?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to support a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a lift?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object mounted to the floor?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood in addition to metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a wheel bearing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated area when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a press?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a brake lathe?	Oracle said: No.
collage,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an art supply?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a set of paints.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sketchbook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tip or point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply color to a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a marker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tissue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to color or shade a specific area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a colored pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other art supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pastel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a watercolor.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in an art studio?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a charcoal stick.?	Oracle said: No.
collar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of bedding?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of uniform?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of garment that is worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of belt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be easily cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of shawl?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of cover?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect a person?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of case?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect furniture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.
commode,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that serves a structural purpose?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object something that can be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a shiny metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of heater?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object something that can be found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's location in a typical house?	Oracle said: It is usually found in the bathroom.	er said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of ceramic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of furniture.	er said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object typically made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object something that people sit on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of ceramic material and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically located near a shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object something that serves a sanitary purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that people use every day?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically located near a bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Yes.
condom,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a shelf in a bedroom or bathroom.	ser said: Is the object a type of box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing small personal items?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of cup?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for holding liquids?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container for personal hygiene items?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: How does the object feel when you touch it?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used for grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically located in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object a type of cosmetic container?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to dental hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the physical attribute of the object that allows it to be disposable?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of tube?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for holding or storing something that is used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of toothpaste tube?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to hair care?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a type of container for hair care products?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object used for in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a type of squeeze tube?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is not flexible when it is first manufactured?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to skin care?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a type of container for bathroom products that are not typically used for skin or hair care?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of container for a bathroom product that is used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is commonly used for packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of container for a product that is used in the bathroom for a specific task?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of container that can be sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object related to oral hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom cupboard that is located under the sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a type of container that is used to hold a bathroom product that is used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used for holding or storing something that serves a functional purpose in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.
cone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What location is the object typically stored in when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to hold a consumable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a type of packaging that is used for food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's primary function to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to hold a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a transparent plastic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a container used to hold a type of condiment?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a ketchup container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a mustard container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's size typically smaller than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a salt container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to dispense the condiment?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a pepper container?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object's opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a container for a type of sauce?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object's size typically larger than a thimble?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a container for relish?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object's function to hold and dispense a type of hot sauce?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a container for mayonnaise?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object's shape typically round?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a container for a type of syrup?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a container used for a type of oil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a container for a type of vinegar?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task related to food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated area near the dining table?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a function related to adding flavor to food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.
container,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object's typical shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, is it larger than a baseball but smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blender.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or countertop when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Correct.
copier,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a shredder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of make a noise when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically placed in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a photocopier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
copybook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vacuum cleaner. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for exercising?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object usually placed in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to organize clothing?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a closet organizer.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to cleaning in any way?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	id: My guess is that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for displaying things?	Oracle said: No.	said: My guess is that the object is a storage ottoman.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object related to a bed in any way?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a nightstand.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for holding or carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a door?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily for carrying clothes?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to plants or flowers in any way?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wicker basket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose rather than aesthetic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of plant material, such as wood or bamboo?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for storing or holding food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.
corduroy,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object jeans?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of uniform?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to protect the wearer from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of work pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's material composition, is it a blend of different fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily in a specific type of work environment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a pair of khaki pants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of casual pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to keep the wearer warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	esser said: Is the object a type of fleece pants?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's weight heavy enough to make it difficult to carry around for an extended period of time?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of lounging pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of flannel pants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's material thick and soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a pair of corduroy pants?	Correct.
corkscrew,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a spoon. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: The object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to grind food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is a meat tenderizer.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to mix food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a toaster.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in most kitchens?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to flip food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to stir food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly made in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: The object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to mash food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is a whisk.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to scoop food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated place in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a spatula.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to strain food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is a grater.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a peeler.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to pierce food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is a meat thermometer.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to eat food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: The object is a skewer.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to break food apart?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective covering when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: The object is a pastry brush.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.
costume,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a book. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's material composition, is it metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to art in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stuffed animal. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's color typically uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: It can be in a closet or a storage room.	ser said: Is the object a top hat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is being used is on a person.	ser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's material composition mostly cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cowboy hat.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's size one-size-fits-all?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a specific cultural or historical context?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a fez?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used in a formal setting?	Oracle said: Yes.
cot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or nursery.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide a place for a person to sleep or rest.	Guesser said: Is the object a single bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a twin bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a full-size bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a headboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a queen-size bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in relation to other objects in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed against a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a king-size bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific area of the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in the center of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of solid wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a single-size bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a single-size bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object located near a window in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a double bed.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of bed frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's physical attribute typically rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a murphy bed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object typically covered with bedding?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any other material besides wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for any other function besides sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.
couch,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for sitting or lying down.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Correct.
cowbell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a specific container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of sporting goods equipment?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a dumbbell. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's material composition, aside from metal?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a competitive purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a drum.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of any material aside from metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	er said: My guess is that the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly used in a group or ensemble setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a specific type of music?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily for producing sound through vibration?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object typically played while being held?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	d: My guess is that the object is a cymbal.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used in a marching band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object a type of drum accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: My guess is that the object is a drumstick.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	 said: Is the object used to produce a specific type of sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose in the marching band?	Oracle said: Yes.
cradle,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or carry something that is used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to carry food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a specific name?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or carry something that serves a functional purpose in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for infants?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object's primary function to provide a safe place for an infant to sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a crib. ?	racle said: Yes.	ser said: The object was a crib. ?	racle said: No.	er said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a crib. ?	racle said: No.	r said: What is the object's primary function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	have asked 49 questions so far, you should be able to guess what the object is by now. You should not ask the same type of question two times in a row, so you should ask a different type of question. ?	racle said: No.	 said: Is the object's primary material wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crib. ?	racle said: Correct.
crate,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a warehouse.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a filing cabinet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in many different warehouses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a shelving unit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to hold or store things.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dumpster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a storage tank.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be moved around the warehouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to hold or store things.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has an opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a lid or a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a silo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used to store dry goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a grain bin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a grocery store warehouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically placed on the floor of a warehouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made of a combination of materials including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a wooden component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a crate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crayon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: In what category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of objects that are used for coloring or drawing.	esser said: Is the object a crayon?	Correct.
crib,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something or someone.	uesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in only one room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in every house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for relaxation?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a hospital?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for therapeutic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.
crossbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for tightening?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where would the object typically be used?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of nail?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of bolt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a fence staple?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of clamp?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for holding things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of wire?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a field?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of bracket?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to join two things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of rivet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a specific industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of rebar?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is rebar. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to reinforce concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of metal reinforcement?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is rebar.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used in building foundations?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used in building high-rise buildings?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a urban area?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to support heavy loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.
crossbeam,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in being decorative?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a water feature?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's location fixed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a part of a facade?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to provide structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a column?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface reflective?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a metal I-beam.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of support beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a metal H-beam.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of steel beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a metal W-beam.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of beam that is used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I am going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a metal box beam.?	Oracle said: No.
crossbow,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a handgun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bow and arrow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function besides launching projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cannon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require ammunition to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a sporting goods store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paintball gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for competitive events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crossbow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crowbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for exercising?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in a specific room in the house?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal, such as only steel or only copper?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that can be done while sitting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a type of craft or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hardware?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of plier?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for gripping?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a vice?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of clamp?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is an anvil.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for shaping metal?	Oracle said: No.
crutch,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a hospital or medical facility.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a medical procedure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: It falls into the medical category.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stethoscope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by medical professionals to take care of patients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object I am thinking of is a long stick or pole with a crossbar or handle at the top and a foot or base at the bottom.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a crutch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cufflink,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a shirt.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a button.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tie pin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed on the shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to fasten something?	Oracle said: It has a post with a screw-on back.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cufflink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cup,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Correct.
curtain,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in an office building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a purpose related to a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a hallway or lobby of an office building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in many different types of buildings, not just office buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often used to display information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a service or amenity to people in the building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found near an entrance or exit of the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of curtain or drapery?	Correct.
cushion,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to cover a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is often used to make towels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be draped over something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used to make clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric that is often used to make upholstery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a comforter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a throw blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a bathrobe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used after a bath or shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a robe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be wrapped around the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep a person warm while they are in bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a heated mattress pad.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.
dagger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be sharpened?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a kitchen knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a chef's knife?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily for chopping?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a carving knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a dinner plate?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a material other than stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a serrated knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a task other than cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a material that can be found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials, including metal and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a steak knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for a task related to food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's physical attribute smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.
dart,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by only children?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What physical attribute does the object have?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toy car?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a playroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Does the object make a sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be thrown at a target.	esser said: Is the object a dart?	Correct.
dashboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a suburban area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near a highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a parking lot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a business purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located near a gas station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a residential area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a domestic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.
deadbolt,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or nightstand in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 2 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal or is it an alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the tool belong to?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to fire?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object usually stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a doorknob.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of padlock?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a deadbolt lock?	Correct.
decal,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: On a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a centerpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ornament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface shiny?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung above a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length greater than 2 feet?	Oracle said: No.
deck,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the toy belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the toy used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a playroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that can be pressed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or function in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold and organize items.	Guesser said: The object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one user at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a pencil case.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or function in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object's purpose or function is for entertainment.	Guesser said: The object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a board game.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a solo activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a card game.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a deck of cards.?	Oracle said: Correct.
denim,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or music in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a purpose related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory, such as a belt, hat, or scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to care for or maintain clothing, such as an iron or a sewing kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a garment bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or store clothing in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be woven?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a hamper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to transport clothing from one place to another?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a suitcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location usually in a closet that is located upstairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a clothespin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size larger than a shoe box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a trunk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's physical attribute soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover or wrap something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the upper part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can get wrinkles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to keeping the upper part of the body warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.
denture,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: You did not ask a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: On a bedside table or in a cup of water.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to replace teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a denture?	Correct.
desk,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a surface for writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess, the object is a desk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
diamond,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in mines.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mineral?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to its chemical composition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in caves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a use in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a precious stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diamond?	Correct.
diaper,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to absorb and contain bodily waste.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wiping after using the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single sheet of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a roll of toilet paper?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a baby?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a nursery?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a diaper?	Correct.
dice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Rubik's cube.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a competitive game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bowling ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that is typically played on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pool ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that involves spinning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ping-pong ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that is popular in China?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Chinese checkers piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the game of Xiangqi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the game of Mahjong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the game of Go?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Chinese chess piece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that is played with cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Chinese domino.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that involves strategy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the game of Weiqi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game that is popular in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.
dildo,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that you press to make it work?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for creative expression?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a nightstand or a dresser drawer.	ser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity that takes place in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by adults for intimate purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sex toy. ?	racle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically placed on a bed when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made of fabric in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly used in the morning?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a function related to pleasure?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically cleaned after use?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used in a way that involves movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically made of soft materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a function that involves penetration?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a dildo?	Correct.
disc,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I can only answer Yes or No questions.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collectible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by athletes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to wrestling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to boxing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to score points?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to bowling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gymnastics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to track and field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function is to store data.
dish,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: In what type of room is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a dining room.	uesser said: What function does the object serve in relation to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said:I'm glad I was able to guess the object. Thank you for playing the game with me.I'm done playing. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: On a table.	ser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm glad I was able to guess the object again. Thank you for playing the game with me. I'm done playing. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.
dishrag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's function related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's material composition, is it metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used while preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a vegetable peeler?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size, is it larger than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's shape, is it curved?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's function related to a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's function related to a specific cooking method?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's location typically near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet near the sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to hold or contain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a single type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's function related to washing or rinsing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's location typically fixed in one place near the sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dish rack?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's physical attribute, its weight, heavy enough that it would be difficult for a child to move?	Oracle said: No.
dishtowel,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a dish towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doll,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Correct.
doorjamb,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It serves as a support.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object makes it suitable to serve as a support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be molded when heated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a residential building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating or cooling device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most homes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a structural function in the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ductwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the building?	Oracle said: The object serves as a frame for a door.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often used for door frames?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a residential building?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a doorway.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often plated with another metal?	Oracle said: Yes.
doorknocker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Yes .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to announce the arrival of someone.	ser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a part of a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a doorknocker?	Correct.
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used with a screw?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a plier?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a vise?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a socket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to shape or form something?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to smooth a surface?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply significant force?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to break apart objects?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a horizontal position?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a sawhorse?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to join two objects together?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a press?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's physical attribute that allows it to apply pressure?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a hydraulic device?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to shape metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a physical object that can be used to apply pressure by turning a handle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a jack?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located on the floor?	Oracle said: No.
doorpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide structural support.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than 5 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet organizer system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the living room?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a stairway?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located near the center of the room?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a curtain or blind?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's physical attribute smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a plant or plant stand?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the living room?	Oracle said: The object's function in the living room is to support the door.	uesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located near the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a door stop?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's physical attribute heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a door threshold?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a specific or unique sound associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a door hinge?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in a fixed position?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a door sill?	Oracle said: No.
doorstep,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object's location typically near a window?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a specific function in a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a television stand?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piece of decorative furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that provides support for the back?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for lounging?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's color usually brown?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object an armchair?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a specific function in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's height typically greater than 5 feet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something people sit on while watching TV?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's location typically in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by people who are reading?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of chair that is not an armchair?	Oracle said: No.
doorstop,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a house or building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No answer to this question.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold open or keep closed a door.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a doorstop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drape,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to block light.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a thick fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackout curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: It is typically placed on a window.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of drapery?	Correct.
drawers,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	sser said: Is the object's primary function related to storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a kitchen cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object a type of closet?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's location in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of chest?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object's primary function related to storage of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of wardrobe?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of armoire?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object commonly found in children's bedrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of changing table?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object typically taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object's primary function related to holding clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a type of closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: No.
dress,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is something that can be held in your hands.	Guesser said: Wait, didn't you say it couldn't be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a scarf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task or function related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the material composition of the object you are thinking of, is it a type of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a type of clothing or accessory that is typically used by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a dress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dresser,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to store clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Correct.
drum,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of wood that is often associated with musical instruments?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a drum?	Correct.
drywall,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function is to provide a smooth surface for finishing and to divide a building into separate areas.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a piece of drywall.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dumbbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a gym.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a dumbbell. ?	racle said: Correct.
dustbin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where in the kitchen is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of trash bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size compared to a standard sheet of paper?	Oracle said: The object is much larger than a standard sheet of paper.	ser said: Is the object a type of cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to clean surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of mop?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of duster?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary material besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object usually placed in a fixed location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of dish scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of paper towel holder?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of air freshener?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of odor absorber?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to absorb spills?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of kitchen mat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of dish rack?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of water filter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of sink drain?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's weight due to the material it is made of?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.
duvet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep you warm.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a blanket. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an electric blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object filled with something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a comforter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to block or reduce sound.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object an earplug?	Correct.
earring,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the ear.	esser said: Is the object used for listening to music or other sounds?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to protect the ears from loud noises?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's primary material plastic and is it usually smaller than a human head?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an earring?	Correct.
easel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to cleaning or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically placed in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the function of the object in the living room?	Oracle said: It is used to hold or display something.	ser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piece of art or a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be placed in a corner?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically placed near a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object taller than 5 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a grandfather clock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the typical material used to make the object's surface?	Oracle said: Wood.	ser said: Is the object an etagere?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a curio?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a display case?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a floor to ceiling decoration?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be mounted on the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is commonly found in many homes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a single type of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of decorative panel?	Oracle said: No.
envelope,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a task related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical location in a household?	Oracle said: On a desk or table.	ser said: Is the object used to hold or carry papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an envelope?	Correct.
eraser,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a type of sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to a person's hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to a person's fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to a person's nails?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it suitable for the task it is used for?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's task related to a person's fingers in the sense that it is used to manipulate or handle something with the fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of grip or handle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to manipulate small objects?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's task related to a person's fingers in the sense that it is used to protect the fingers?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's size typically around a few centimeters in length?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of pick?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves pressing or pushing something with the fingers?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to press or push something on a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an eraser?	Correct.
eyeglass,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a medical glove. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to administer medication?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only medical professionals?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to treat a wound?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a splint.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to support a part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific medical condition?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is an oxygen mask.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by people who have a respiratory problem?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to help people with a disability?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for mobility assistance?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a walker.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to help people with a physical disability?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for daily living activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for transferring a person from one place to another?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's color typically white?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to help people get in and out of bed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to help people who have arthritis?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to help people with balance problems?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.
eyeglasses,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying or spreading something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for correcting vision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that people wear.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to help people see.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in pairs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeliner,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to apply color.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for artistic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for coloring hair?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that is also used in medical equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for applying nail polish?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both children and adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a cosmetic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object an eyeliner?	Correct.
eyepiece,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in an observatory or at home.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to astronomy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a telescope. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of binoculars.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily for viewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a microscope.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to view distant objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a refracting telescope.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used by astronomers?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object relatively small in size?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a monocular.?	Oracle said: Correct.
faceplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer peripheral?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls that can be pressed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a webcam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor's screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight less than 3 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer hardware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to input data into a computer?	Oracle said: No.
fan,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Correct.
featherbed,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mattress topper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a memory foam mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wool mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a down mattress topper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object filled with goose down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a European goose down mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically covered with a sheet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: It is typically placed on a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a Canadian goose down mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is a good insulator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is a good conductor of heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in colder climates?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object filled with the down of a specific type of bird?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object filled with the down of a duck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duck down mattress topper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bedding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a twin size duck down mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a queen size duck down mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on top of another mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a king size duck down mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for its comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a full size duck down mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people who sleep on their side?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically filled with a specific type of down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mattress topper that is designed to provide extra support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is easy to clean?	Oracle said: Yes.
fedora,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it useful for its purpose?	Oracle said: It has a brim.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the brim of the hat?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the hat a rain hat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose other than protection from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sun hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it useful for its purpose?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn for outdoor activities such as gardening or hiking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn for fashion purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a straw hat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a canvas hat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that allows it to be folded and stored in a small space?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a canvas sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox when it is not folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bucket hat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically worn by people who work outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a boonie hat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that is breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of hat that has a chin strap?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it useful for protecting the wearer from the sun?	Oracle said: The object has a brim.	esser said: Is the object a garden hat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn by people who engage in water sports?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a canvas hat with a wide brim?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn by people who work in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn by people who work with plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a sun hat with a chin strap?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of hat that has a high crown?	Oracle said: Yes.
feedbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object's primary material metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's primary material organic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of fruit?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to a type of animal product?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used in the preparation of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made from an animal hide?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of spice or seasoning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of dairy product?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to cook food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found near a heat source?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be consumed by humans?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to a type of oil or fat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of meat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically located outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object related to a type of tree or wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's weight due to its density?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of rock or stone?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be used as a tool?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to a type of water source?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of bone?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's smell due to its decomposition?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of fertilizer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object related to a type of farm animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to produce a type of food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of egg?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a field?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object manure?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of crop?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be used to feed animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object hay?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of grain?	Oracle said: No.
fiddle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On the shoulder or under the chin of a person.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a violin. ?	racle said: Correct.
figurine,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paddle ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for children's entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Nerf gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creative expression?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by musicians?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a set of markers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or constructing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or other surface when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to drawing or art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coloring book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any fabric parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's texture smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by artists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material something other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.
filter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's function in a kitchen is to separate particles from a fluid (either a gas or a liquid) by passing it through a porous material.	ser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a metal strainer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object a tea strainer?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made of only metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function in a tea set?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of kitchen tool?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object typically used with loose-leaf tea?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I am not answering those types of questions.	sser said: Is the object made of a porous material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's function in brewing tea?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of metal and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a mesh strainer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a tea infuser?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object typically made of stainless steel and another material?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object commonly used to make a single serving of tea?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically made of metal and fabric?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for brewing tea in a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a metal tea ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object used to make a type of tea that is popular in Asia?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object typically made of a metal frame with a non-metal mesh or perforations?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's function in brewing tea?	Oracle said: No .	 said: Is the object made of a metal frame and a silicone mesh?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a type of tea infuser that is typically used to make black tea?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object made of a metal frame and a cotton mesh?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a tea infuser with a metal frame and a cotton mesh, used to steep loose-leaf tea?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's function in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a tea infuser with a metal frame and a cotton mesh that is used to make green tea?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	d: Is the object used to make a type of herbal tea?	Oracle said: No.
fishhook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's approximate weight?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Typically in a tackle box.	esser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fishing lure. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object attached to a fishing line?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a hook. ?	racle said: Yes.	 conversation is now over. ?	racle said: Yes.	versation is now over. ?	racle said: No?<|eot_id|>.	e said: I am thinking of an object. What is your first question?	Oracle said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand? .	r said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	he object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	t a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	ss is that the object is a deck of cards.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	r said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ect have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	that the object is a chess piece.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	: Does the object require skill to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a pool cue.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	he object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ect have a distinct sound associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	e object is a bowling ball.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	he object used in a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object commonly found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	ect used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.
fishnet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a bedroom or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to cover the lower part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to catch or hold things.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pocket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold things in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of boxers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of belt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jockstrap?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic supporter?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of material that is breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that is worn under other clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the physical attribute of the object that allows it to hold things in place?	Oracle said: It has a mesh of interconnected threads or strings.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sports-related item that is used to catch or hold a ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold or support a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that provides support to the legs?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold or support the buttocks?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that provides support to the groin area?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold or support the upper thighs?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that is commonly used in sports that involve running?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold or support the upper thighs in a way that provides compression or stability?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that is commonly used in sports that involve cycling?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold or support the upper thighs in a way that provides protection or cushioning?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically made of a combination of different materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that is designed to provide support or stability to the upper thighs during physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves as a protective barrier between the skin and clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that is designed to prevent chafing or irritation?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the physical attribute of the object that prevents chafing or irritation?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a smooth surface?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I will only answer Yes or No questions.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a sports equipment bag?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in an individual sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is stretchy?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic wear that provides support or compression to the upper thighs?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.
flag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object used primarily with food?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that people wear?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of tent?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of fabric covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of sail?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of net?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of tarp?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to protect from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of awning?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of fabric covering for a structure?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary material waterproof?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of canopy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific type of event or occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of fabric covering for an outdoor event?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that provides shelter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's size typically measured in feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of fabric structure used for parties or events?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically larger than a house?	Oracle said: Yes.
flagpole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tower?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object an electrical tower?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location in relation to other objects or structures?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in the ground or on a base.	esser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object the Eiffel Tower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object the Statue of Liberty?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a war memorial?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a historical significance?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object the Washington Monument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in the state of California?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object the Gateway Arch?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a monument to a person?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object the Liberty Bell?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of structure that has an entrance?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object the Chrysler Building?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of monument that is dedicated to a concept or idea?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object located in the city of New York?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object the Lincoln Memorial?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of monument that has a distinctive shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object the Space Needle?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of monument that is dedicated to freedom?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object located in the city of Philadelphia?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object the Liberty Bell?	Oracle said: No.	Does the object have a inscription?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's function to commemorate a historical event?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object the Betsy Ross House?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in Fairmount Park?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object the Fairmount Water Works?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object the Philadelphia Museum of Art?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose or function in Fairmount Park?	Oracle said: Yes.
flagstone,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose rather than decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object located near a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a garden or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a decorative rock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical location in relation to a garden or a park?	Oracle said: Typically it is located on the ground.	ser said: Is the object a type of gravel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a boulder?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's color typically uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of paving stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to create a flat surface for walking or driving?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of brick?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to create a path or a walkway in a garden or a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of flagstone?	Correct.
flask,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for oil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for cooking oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object's weight typically measured in pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a container for motor oil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a container for perfume?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object's size typically measured in inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a container for lotion?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a container for spices?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container for condiments?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a football?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container for flour?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a container for sugar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a container for coffee or tea?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically placed on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a container for cereal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container for soup?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a container for sauce?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container for honey?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a container for jam or jelly?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.
floor,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a specific location within the backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of pathway or walkway?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically located in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: How is the object used by people in the backyard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in the backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a basketball court?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a tennis court?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for sports or games?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a playground?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that people walk on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a path?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a patio.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that people can sit on?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function in the backyard?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a sidewalk.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that people can drive on?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.
flowerpot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is not perfectly round.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store small objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store things that are used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display decorative objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a vase. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose in addition to decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of any materials besides plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed near a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for an artistic hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's primary material something that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for painting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for a craft that involves yarn or string?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a shelf that is higher than 5 feet off the ground?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for sculpting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in a way that involves creativity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed near a chair or couch?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for drawing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for a specific type of artistic hobby that involves making things with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to store items that are used for making jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.
flute,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a guitar. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function does the object serve in making music?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object usually placed on a table or other surface when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made mostly of strings and wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the purpose of the object in the context of music?	Oracle said: It is used to produce sound.	ser said: Does the object have keys or buttons that you press to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object smaller than a piano?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the category of object that the object belongs to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a stringed instrument that you pluck or strum?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object an electronic keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of accordion?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object often used in folk music?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: The object is an autoharp. ?	racle said: No.	 said: Does the object have a distinctive sound or tone?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object commonly used in traditional or cultural music?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What function does the object serve in the context of music?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object used by blowing air through it?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a woodwind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the primary material used to make the keys or buttons of the object?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically found in a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object often used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object commonly made of a specific type of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a flute?	Correct.
flyswatter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what room of a house would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: The object would most likely be found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a sponge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a paper towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a trash bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store that sells many types of objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a dish scrubber.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific area or surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a dishwasher detergent packet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a dish soap bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wipe or clean up spills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brand name?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean countertops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a cleaning wipe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other cleaning objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a scouring pad.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a designated cleaning area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a mop head.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of plastic and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a dustpan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to sweep or collect dirt and dust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize or hold other cleaning objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.
flytrap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a succulent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a herb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a garden?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object basil?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object rosemary?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it useful for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object thyme?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object parsley?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for its fragrance?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object dill?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's scent strong?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object cilantro?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object oregano?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in cooking?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object sage?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically used to add flavor to food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object green in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in a specific type of cuisine?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object mint?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of leafy green?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically grown in a warm climate?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object lemongrass?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of sprout?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's texture smooth?	Oracle said: No.
folder,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object's primary material metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: In what type of setting is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for holding or organizing papers?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a file folder?	Correct.
footboard,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to protect the bed and the bed's occupants from injury.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a hard material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bed frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to the category of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a nightstand.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves as a barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bed rail.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footlocker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	ser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category would the object be found in a department store?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a silver metal alloy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically taller than 5 feet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to store things.	ser said: Is the object a shelving unit?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of armoire?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of storage closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of pantry?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to store clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's primary material durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of locker?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object usually placed near a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of coat closet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically attached to a wall?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of storage locker?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the physical attribute of the object that makes it durable?	Oracle said: It is made of wood or metal.	ser said: Is the object a type of cabinet that stores clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found near an entrance of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the function of the object in relation to storing clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's location in the house related to its function of storing clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of storage unit that is often found in a hallway or entryway?	Oracle said: Yes.
footplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with both hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the outside of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car tire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of floor mat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garage floor mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of welcome mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the floor from damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garage mat that is used to protect the floor from oil spills and other chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's function to protect the floor from oil spills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a residential garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the floor from damage caused by a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location usually near a garage door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the floor from water and dirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the floor from damage caused by a garage door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the garage floor from damage caused by a car's tires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to protect the garage floor from damage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the garage floor from damage caused by foot traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location usually on the floor of a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the garage floor from damage caused by tools and equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the garage floor from damage caused by a car's battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mat that is used to protect the garage floor from damage caused by a car's oil pan?	Oracle said: No.
footrest,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support or elevate something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to support a person in a seated position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soft or cushioned part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping or resting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a love seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's height greater than its width?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a corner of the bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for resting a part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support a person's back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed near a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.
footstool,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No response.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a couch. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function in the living room?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the living room?	Oracle said: I can only answer yes or no questions about the object.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a coffee table. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically placed in the living room?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in front of a chair or sofa.	ser said: Is the object a side table?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object heavier than a person?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a footstool?	Correct.
forceps,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to clean a part of the body other than the mouth?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of other materials in addition to plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to clean the body?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply something to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a deodorant stick?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a compact?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply color to the face?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container for something that is applied to the face?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to be used by both men and women?	Oracle said: It has handles.	ser said: Is the object a pair of tweezers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove something from the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object an eyelash curler?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to grip or hold something.	ser said: Is the object's size similar to that of a pencil?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to remove facial hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to pluck facial hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pair of eyebrow tweezers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pair of hair clippers?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to remove hair from the eyebrows?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a purse or bag?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove hair from the upper lip?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pair of facial hair clippers?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary material metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to shape or maintain facial hair?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's shape curved?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to remove hair from the chin?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's size larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove hair by pulling it out?	Oracle said: No.
fork,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a glass.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
futon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is the bed, is it a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed a type of object that is commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bed a type of object that people sleep on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the bed typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a type of mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the mattress made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the mattress something that people lie on when they are sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the mattress typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I am going to guess that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the mattress made of a material that is known for its comfort and support?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the mattress something that people use every night to sleep on?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the mattress a type of object that comes in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the mattress a type of object that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of bedding?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be washed?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of sheet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to provide warmth to people?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of blanket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that people snuggle up with when they are cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of comforter?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on top of a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to decorate a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of pillow?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be used to add color to a room?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom located on the second floor of a house?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be easily moved from one room to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of rug?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.
gargoyle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose related to a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of bronze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.
garter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn on the lower part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color usually white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made in China?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color usually black?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an athletic sock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color usually black and white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of running sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of synthetic fabric called polyester?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made to fit tightly around the foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport played with a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can absorb moisture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport that involves a lot of running?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made with a specific type of toe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made with arch support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the sport of soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is stretchy?	Oracle said: Yes.
gauze,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object a type of food or something that is used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of wipe?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found on a counter in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object small enough to be placed in a medicine cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a Q-tip?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of 100% cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cotton swab?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cotton pad.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply or remove something from the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of only one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cotton round.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used with a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of natural fibers?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a beauty routine?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or package when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cotton ball used for medical purposes.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean wounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a first aid kit?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I am going to take a guess that the object is gauze?	Oracle said: Correct.
gavel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of fastener?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object heavier than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to fire?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a skillet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of hardware?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object attached to something?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed or garage?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of metal fixture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pocket watch?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a urban environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of lock?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a specific technique?	Oracle said: Yes.
glasses,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to correct vision.	sser said: Is the object glasses?	Correct.
goalpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a tower?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface rough?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of stage?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide entertainment to a large number of people at the same time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a stadium?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a Ferris wheel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in an urban area?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of theater?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object an attraction?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal and concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sign?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of landmark?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found near a highway?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a rest stop?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface painted?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located near a city's downtown area?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a scoreboard?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of gate?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a movie screen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a stage for performance?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's size measured in hundreds of feet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of scoreboard display?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object located in a specific geographic region of the world?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of electronic display?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's surface flat?	Oracle said: Yes.
goblet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of cookware?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in serving food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical material used to make the object's handle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of crystal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object typically found on a dining table during a formal dinner?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object the type that is usually washed by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object the type that is usually put in a dishwasher?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object delicate?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of glassware that is typically used to serve a specific type of wine?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a champagne flute?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is tableware.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of crystal that is lead-based?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	ser said: Is the object a type of glass that is used to serve red wine?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object's color typically clear?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a formal occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of glass that is typically used to serve Cabernet Sauvignon?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's physical shape typically narrow at the top and wider at the bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of glass that is typically used to serve Merlot?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object's physical shape typically narrow at the top and wider at the bottom, with a slight curve?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a formal dinner setting to serve a specific type of wine?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on a tablecloth?	Oracle said: Yes.
goggles,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sporting good?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of equipment used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a contact sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of protective gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object protect a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of padding?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an elbow pad?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of sporting goods does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of football?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a combination of materials including plastic and metal and possibly other materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to protect the head or neck area?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mouthguard?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What location would the object most likely be found in?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of face mask?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the sport of hockey?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of any fabric parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a goalie mask?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials including plastic, metal, and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of mask worn by a player in the sport of ice hockey to protect the face?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a strap or some other type of fastener to secure it to the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of protective gear used in ice hockey to protect the face and head?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a helmet with a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of cage or shield that protects the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of face shield or cage used in ice hockey?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of mask or face protection used by players in ice hockey?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a part that covers the nose and mouth area?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of face mask used in ice hockey that covers the lower part of the face?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of mask or protective gear used by players in ice hockey that covers the entire face?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a full-face mask used in ice hockey?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of mask used by players in ice hockey to protect the face from pucks and sticks?	Oracle said: Yes.
gondola,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is transportation.	esser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a house?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object smaller than a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fiberglass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a marina?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute in terms of its length?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a catamaran?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly used for water sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a ski boat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wakeboard boat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a car.	esser said: Is the object a personal watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object's primary function related to speed?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a tow boat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a wooden boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a rowboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's typical location when in use?	Oracle said: No .
gown,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for storing clothing?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hat or head covering?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a thick fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide warmth to a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located near a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to cover the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of robe?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of housecoat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a dressing gown?	Correct.
grater,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothbrush. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be consumed?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the primary function of the object to serve or hold food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic cup.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object an electric appliance?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a can opener.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of other materials besides plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly used on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object usually stored in a designated place when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a kitchen knife.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a task related to food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a grater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grout,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a type of dish or utensil?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said:I will only answer yes or no questions.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of cloth?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to clean surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a type of brush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean a specific area of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to clean the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toilet brush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of wipe?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to clean the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used with a cleaning product?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of sponge with a handle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time to clean the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of exfoliating glove?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: How is the object typically used to clean the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of eraser?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used to remove soap scum?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of cleaning pad?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to clean a specific part of the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of scraper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply a cleaning product to the shower or bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can absorb water?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of towel?	Oracle said: No.
guitar,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object usually placed against a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a boombox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a guitar?	Correct.
gunnysack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a household?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or drink container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cup. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a spoon?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used to hold hot liquids?	Oracle said: No.	 said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	aid: My guess is that the object is a bowl.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found on a dining table?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	said: My guess is that the object is a mug.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a straw.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic bag.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to carry food or drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a paper bag.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to wrap food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is aluminum foil.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to wrap sandwiches?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a napkin.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to wrap snacks?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wrapper.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a chip bag.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to wrap baked goods?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically round in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pizza box.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to wrap fruit?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard or on a counter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a candy wrapper.?	Oracle said: No.
gurney,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: Typically the object I am thinking of is located in a hospital.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: It is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have that allows it to be moved easily?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a backboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to transport patients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in an emergency room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a backboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions about the object.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a hard material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a hard plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a combination of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have that makes it useful for its function?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transporting patients in a hospital?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a hospital supply closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by emergency responders?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to move patients who are unable to walk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a combination of materials that include metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to transport patients to different parts of a hospital?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by medical professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of equipment used in hospitals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of medical equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a hospital hallway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hospital stretcher?	Oracle said: Yes.
hacksaw,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a handsaw?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used for cutting wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a crosscut saw?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a rip saw?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: A workshop.	sser said: Is the object a backsaw?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on a workbench when not being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dovetail saw?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for making furniture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be sharpened?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a keyhole saw?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for demolition?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a wrecking saw?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a function that involves tearing something apart?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to cut through a material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pruning saw?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves force?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that can be polished?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used in a workshop for a function that involves cutting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a location where there are other tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a function that involves a pulling motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a material that has a high melting point?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hacksaw?	Correct.
hairbrush,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Correct.
hairnet,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function of covering the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a beanie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have earflaps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of stocking cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a ski cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object I am thinking of is usually between 6 to 10 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a function of keeping the head warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for fashion purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a button or a fastener on top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a newsboy cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a curved brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of athletic cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically used in the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have that makes it suitable for the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used to keep hair out of food.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hairnet?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairpiece,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove unwanted hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cotton swab.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a box.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a nail clipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object's typical shape is a shape that fits on the human head.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hairbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold hair in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for styling hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a comb.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shampoo bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry the hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep the hair clean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hairnet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is worn on the head.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wig.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairpin,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a drawer or on a counter in the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold hair in place.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hair clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a bobby pin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container with other objects of the same type?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to style or manage hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: The object you are thinking of is a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to hold a specific hairstyle in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object you are thinking of is a hairpin?	Oracle said: Correct.
handbag,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than 50% plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for carrying groceries?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than 75% plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to carry personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to carry money, phone, and keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a handbag?	Correct.
handcart,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No response.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an elevator. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object require fuel to operate?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of cart or dolly?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wheelbarrow.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to carry heavy loads?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of hand truck?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dolly.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a type of furniture dolly?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an appliance dolly.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used to move heavy furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a furniture mover's dolly.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hand truck for moving furniture.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a furniture dolly with a flat top.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object made primarily for moving one type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dolly for moving refrigerators.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of metal and wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a furniture dolly with a wooden platform.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an upright dolly for moving furniture.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object designed to protect the furniture it is moving?	Oracle said: No.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a heavy duty dolly for moving furniture.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a weight capacity?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dolly for moving heavy furniture with a weight capacity.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used by professional movers?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a professional furniture dolly.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a specific location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dolly for moving furniture that is stored in a moving truck.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have straps or ropes to secure the furniture?	Oracle said: No.
handlebar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a kitchen tool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than a pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a ferrous metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bicycle part?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle pedal. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being used?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used for a task that involves a wheel?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a chain or rope attached to it?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object attached to the wheel of a bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: My guess is that the object is a bicycle wheel nut. ?	racle said: No.	s the object used to propel the bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object typically made of a shiny metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a part of the drivetrain of a bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	: My guess is that the object is a bicycle chainring. ?	racle said: No .	aid: Is the object used primarily with the feet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be polished to a mirror finish?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object a crankset?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object used to transmit power from the pedals to the wheel?	Oracle said: No.	e object a part of the braking system of a bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	guess is that the object is a bicycle brake rotor.?	Oracle said: No.	 object typically found on the front wheel of a bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	ess is that the object is a bicycle front brake caliper.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be held or gripped.	r said: Is the object typically located on the front of the bicycle?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is resistant to rust?	Oracle said: Yes.
handsaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toolbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a functional purpose rather than for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of only one type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lawnmower.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in urban areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves rotation or spinning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an exercise bike.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for a task related to construction or building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a drill.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a vertical position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a level.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pruning shear.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hedge clipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a chainsaw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves the removal of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garden fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.
hanky,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hairbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mirror. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a washcloth.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in a specific location of the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in conjunction with another object?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to clean or wipe a specific body part?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a handkerchief.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harmonica,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a flute. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: The object you are thinking of is a trumpet. ?	racle said: No .	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a heavy material?	Oracle said: No.	r said: The object you are thinking of is a harmonica.?	Correct.
harp,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce sound or music.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a specific area of the living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in North America?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Correct.
harpoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a specific place on the boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the boat's propulsion system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be found naturally?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the deck of the boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an anchor. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to control the boat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a combination of wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is an oar.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to manipulate a rope or line?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of handle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a winch.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for pulling?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object attached to the boat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a boat hook.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for lifting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found on sailboats?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to adjust the sails?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location on the boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to secure the boat to a dock?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a cleat.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to tie up or fasten something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a hardwood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for grasping or gripping something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a gaff.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of fishing rod?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object attached to a fishing rod?	Oracle said: No.	r said: My guess is that the object is a fishing net.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to remove a fish from the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fishing gaff.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a fishing lure.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object baited?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fishing hook.?	Oracle said: No.
harpsichord,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made mainly of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made mainly of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made mainly of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object larger than a violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object's moving parts?	Oracle said: The function of the object's moving parts is to produce sound.	esser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a bow?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a double bass?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically played while seated?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object have a flat back?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is being used?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object when it is being used is in a concert hall or a home.	sser said: Does the object have four strings?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object often used in classical music?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made from a specific type of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used in a symphony orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a viola?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object often played in a solo performance?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a hardcase when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function in an orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Correct.
hatbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for covering or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for drying?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function is to store and transport hats.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cotton fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a small hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of silk fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wool fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of when it is being used?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of when it is being used is in a closet.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a collapsible top hat box?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of velvet fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a luxurious top hat box?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically placed when it is being used to store hats?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a small, velvet top hat box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for storing and transporting a single top hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored on a shelf in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a standard top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a stiff, velvet fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a high-quality top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a traditional top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of an antique top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the primary location where the object you are thinking of is typically manufactured?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made from a type of velvet fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by men for formal events?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a fabric that has a smooth pile?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vintage top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rare top hat box?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically placed on a high shelf in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of velvet fabric that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to store a top hat that is worn for special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a silk-lined top hat box?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to store a top hat that is made of felt?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of made with a type of velvet fabric that has a dense pile?	Oracle said: No.
hatchet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Typically in a garage.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is wire cutters.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object is a utility knife.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is tin snips.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: My guess is that the object is scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	 Is the object heavier than a pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a file.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function or purpose that the object serves?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a chisel.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to shape or form something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a metal saw.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a hacksaw.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that requires force?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a crowbar.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used primarily for demolition or breaking?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: My guess is that the object is a sledgehammer.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used to break apart or separate objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that can be rusted?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is bolt cutters.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: My guess is that the object is a pickaxe.?	Oracle said: No.
headband,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headband?	Correct.
headdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the head.	er said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the head.	said: Is the object a type of hat called a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a shelf.	r said: Is the object something that can be worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose, such as protection from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a top hat?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically made of a material that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	s the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object commonly found in a particular type of setting, such as a workplace or a social gathering?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a specific function related to a particular activity or occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object something that can be worn by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object typically made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a functional purpose in a formal setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of hat that is commonly worn by a specific profession or group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object made primarily of felt?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object a bowler hat?	Oracle said: No.	s the object something that is often associated with a particular cultural or historical context?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object typically worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	he object something that is often worn with formal attire, such as a suit and tie?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object typically made of a material that is water resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	ect a homburg hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object made primarily of wool?	Oracle said: No.
helmet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a helmet?	Correct.
highchair,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In the kitchen or dining room.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the dining room?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object's primary function to support a person while eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a backrest?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object commonly found in a dining room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a type of chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to support a person while eating at a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a dining chair?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical location in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function in the dining room?	Oracle said: It is used to hold a child who is eating.	ser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a baby?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor in the dining room?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials such as wood, plastic, and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a baby high chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Does the object have a tray?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a high chair with a tray?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function in the dining room?	Oracle said: The object's function in the dining room is to seat and feed a child.	ser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a specific location in the dining room, such as near a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a piece of baby furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object designed to be adjustable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a high chair with adjustable height?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object commonly used for children under the age of 3?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a baby high chair made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a wooden high chair with a plastic tray?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to support the child's body while they are eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a baby high chair with a wooden frame and a plastic seat?	Oracle said: No.
highlighter,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a desk drawer or on a desk.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to mark or highlight text or other written information.	esser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a highlighter?	Correct.
hinge,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a door or a lid.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open or close something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a door handle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object small enough to be put in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I think the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object attached to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to open a specific type of door or lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I think the object is a door key.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object typically found on the outside of the thing it is attached to?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used for opening a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: I think the object is a bottle cap.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object made of a shiny metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to open a container that holds a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object attached to a hinge?	Correct.
hoe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a garden.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function in the garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watering plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be found naturally in the earth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the ground when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to be used for digging?	Oracle said: The object has a flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a spade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to be used for digging?	Oracle said: It has a flat.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging holes for plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the ground when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task in the process of planting a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree planting bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a vertical position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a post hole digger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden spade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to be used for digging?	Oracle said: It has a flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a transplant spade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging in hard or rocky soil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a horizontal position when it is not being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that is done at the beginning of the planting process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that is often recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trenching shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging deep holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a type of metal that is often alloyed with other metals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging holes that are wider than they are deep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored near other gardening tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically heavier than other objects of the same category?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a square-edged shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.
holster,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for traveling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only fabric and plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only metal, plastic, and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight typically greater than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying gardening tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's length greater than 3 feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying first aid supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically larger than a lunchbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying athletic equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made with a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials that are durable and long-lasting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying musical instruments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table or countertop?	Oracle said: No.
hoopskirt,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a hoopskirt.	Guesser said: Is the hoopskirt made of fabric?	Correct.
horn,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No answer.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be bought in a store?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toy?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to an activity?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by males and females equally?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily for fun?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with the feet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's material composition, is it made of only plastic and metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for creating music?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has buttons or keys?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that you blow into to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a flute?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often used in orchestras?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often played while sitting down?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a French horn?	Correct.
horseshoe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It serves as a protective device.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection of the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object categorized as clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection of the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping or twisting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on a workbench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a ferromagnetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found near a vice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an anvil. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for shaping or forming metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to apply pressure or force?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of clamp?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to hold something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of press?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to bend metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located near a workbench in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a specific industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically located in a large workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that requires a lot of force?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made in large quantities?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in an automotive workshop?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to shape wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a fixed location in the workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.
hose,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object larger than a cell phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for watering plants?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hose?	Correct.
hourglass,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a video game controller. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a game that involves chance?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a deck of cards. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects that are typically held in one's hand?	Oracle said: It can be either smaller or larger.	r said: Is the object used primarily for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo. ?	racle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves skill?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fidget spinner.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Does the object have a part that can be adjusted or customized?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to create a specific sound?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object related to a collection or set of similar objects?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to serve a therapeutic purpose?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or other flat surface when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Does the object have numbers or other markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a die.?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used in a social setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	id: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object used for a game that involves strategy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of any material that can be found naturally in the environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object related to a plant or gardening?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	 Does the object have a cord or string attached to it?	Oracle said: No.	the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.
housecoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly made of nylon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket that is typically worn for fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a thick fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pea coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn in formal events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to keep the wearer warm in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the Northern Hemisphere?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of synthetic fabric that is known for being warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn by people who work outdoors in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human body?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human body part but smaller than a whole human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fleece coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn in casual settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: It is typically hung in a closet or laid flat in a drawer or on a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn by both adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat that is commonly worn in a variety of settings, including casual and dressy events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in an indoor environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a terrycloth robe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In a house.
housetop,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific industrial purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material, aside from metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a source of power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of antenna or satellite dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of windmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 1000 kg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in meters?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a rural area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of silo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material aside from metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood aside from metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of barn roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the countryside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of farmhouse roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to protect from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shed roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically measured in square meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roof that is commonly found on a farmhouse or a rural building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gable roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wooden beams and metal nails?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hip roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function aside from protecting from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gambrel roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's location typically near a farm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of saltbox roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size typically larger than 100 square meters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roof that is commonly found on a large rural building?	Oracle said: Yes.
hubcap,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a car.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seatbelt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the exterior of the car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect the wheel and brake components of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on all cars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hubcap?	Correct.
icebox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used to keep things cool or cold.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
icepick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of smaller than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for peeling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to cooking meat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of only one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have that makes it useful for its function?	Oracle said: It has a sharp point.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for piercing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific type of meat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a skewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to pick up or hold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found near a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for turning food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a designated place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to serve food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a trussing needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to prepare a specific type of dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by both amateur and professional cooks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a meat thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a protective case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a boning knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that involves piercing or stabbing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a corn holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task that requires a gentle touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically round in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to poultry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a container?	Oracle said: Yes.
inkwell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In an office or on a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a pen. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function related to writing other than writing itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to holding or keeping papers in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a paperclip.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a paperclip?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve in relation to papers?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to organize papers?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to bind papers together?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a desk calendar.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to mark or identify papers in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a paperweight with a built-in paper marker.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly used by a specific profession or group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a bookmark.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object you are thinking of have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a nameplate.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to display information?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve in relation to papers?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a drawer.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a business card holder.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to the function of a desk or office organizer?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a desk organizer.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to keep track of something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a container or on a tray when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a push pin.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to attach papers to a surface?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to create a specific type of mark or line?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a highlighter.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a container or holder when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to apply ink or another substance to a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a fountain pen.?	Oracle said: No.
jacket,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In a closet.	esser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a shoe box?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to keep you warm.	ser said: Is the object a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a jacket?	Correct.
jar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where is the object typically stored in the kitchen when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	r said: Is the object a Tupperware?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size compared to a cup?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object a container used to store leftovers?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a ziplock bag?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Where is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of a thin plastic?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a Glad container?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a food wrap container?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a margarine container?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Where is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used on the counter?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a yogurt container?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a food that is often eaten for breakfast?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a butter container?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's typical size compared to other kitchen containers?	Oracle said: I'm only answering yes or no questions.	ser said: Is the object used to store a type of food that can be poured?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a container for cereal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically made of a transparent plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's function in storing the type of food that can be poured?	Oracle said: Yes.
jewel,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 1-2 cm in size.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a medical or health-related purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or athletic activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to a pet or animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to gardening or plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diamond?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in engagement rings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a diamond ring. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object loose, not set in a ring or other jewelry?	Correct.
jigsaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a puppet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a building block.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toy box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a doll.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object colorful?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is an action figure.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a playroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a play kitchen utensil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a set of crayons.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for artistic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a marker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in schools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container with other similar objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a colored pencil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create three-dimensional art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a set of modeling clay.?	Oracle said: No.
jug,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of dish?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for a hot food?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What physical attribute of the object makes it suitable for the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used for storing liquids.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific type of liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a jug.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a television?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary material synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a material other than synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of slippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary color blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task or function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes when a person is not at home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material that can absorb water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear?	Oracle said: Yes.
kayak,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of transportation does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a water-based recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Correct.
kazoo,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for creative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a building toy?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it suitable for creative play?	Oracle said: It has a hole in it.	ser said: Is the object a hula hoop?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object used by only one child at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a jump rope?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a toy box?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a top?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific type of creative play, such as pretend play or construction play?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a play kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for imaginative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used to create a character or story?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's color uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a play food item?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object's shape simple?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a kazoo?	Correct.
kerchief,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I guess the object is a towel. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object something that people wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is typically worn by only one gender?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I guess the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a dresser drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is worn for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is an undershirt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is worn by both adults and children?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I guess the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is often worn in formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover or protect something.	ser said: I guess the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of silk?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a silk scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is used to keep the neck warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object something that can be easily lost?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I guess the object is a wool scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that is commonly used during the winter months?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object something that can be worn in multiple ways?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object something that is often worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I guess the object is a cashmere scarf.?	Oracle said: No.
kettle,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cup?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary material the object you are thinking of is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fork?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for eating or drinking on the go?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plate?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to prepare food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of when it is not being used?	Oracle said: On the counter or in a cabinet.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blender?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be cleaned with soap and water?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of cooking vessel?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wok?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for frying food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a combination of materials, including metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for boiling water?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a kettle?	Correct.
kettledrum,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a French horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a material other than brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a band room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often played while sitting down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the floor when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a marching band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snare drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bass drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a concert hall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a stage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a symphony orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a shiny material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a stand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a symphony orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed in a corner of the room?	Oracle said: No.
key,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a keychain.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: Correct.
keyhole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a door or a lock.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No answer to that.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for unlocking something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, is it larger or smaller than a key?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a key?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function related to doors or locks?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a purpose related to security?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used by being inserted into something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly made of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a keychain?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a rounded surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to opening or closing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically attached to a ring or a chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used with other objects to perform a task?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a spring or other mechanism that stores energy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct sound when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used in a variety of situations?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a specific name that is widely recognized?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has been used for centuries?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of key?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a task related to security or safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a specific location or container when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used in emergency situations?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used in everyday life?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a standard size or shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be purchased at a hardware store?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a weight to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No answer to that question.
kilt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically put on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo pant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of business attire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a fabric that is expensive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of evening wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of velvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wedding attire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedding dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of groom attire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedding tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a groom's suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of formal suit pant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a special occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically put on?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.
knapsack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is not being used?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a closet or hung on a hook.	esser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides leather and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for school?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for carrying books?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor when it is not being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of luggage?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's weight usually over 5 pounds when it is empty?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function when it is being used for travel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's size larger than a typical purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to carry electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for hiking?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's weight usually over 10 pounds when it is empty?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of athletic equipment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for camping?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's size typically larger than 20 inches in length?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for long trips?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage when not being used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object's color usually a neutral color such as black, gray, or brown?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function when it is being used for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's size typically larger than 30 inches in length?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's primary function to carry personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of backpack?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function when it is being used for school?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is being used for school is to carry books and other school supplies.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a bedroom when it is not being used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for daily activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of luggage that is commonly used for air travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's weight usually over 20 pounds when it is empty?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.
knickers,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that covers the head?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of athletic sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a dress sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a baby sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a knee high sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to cover the lower body.	esser said: Is the object a type of casual sock?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object an argyle sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of dressy sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of everyday sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of athletic sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function to keep the foot warm?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of wool sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's color typically a solid color?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of ankle sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of crew sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's primary material a blend of cotton and another fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of athletic sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of formal sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function related to protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of hiking sock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to protect the foot from blisters?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of diabetic sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's primary function to protect the foot from cold temperatures?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of compression sock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to protect the foot from moisture?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dresser drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of casual sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary material a blend of cotton and polyester?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object's primary function to provide comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of everyday sock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to provide support?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of fashion sock?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .
knife,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: Is the object you are thinking of a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the typical shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object I am thinking of is long and thin with a sharp edge and a handle.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a knife?	Correct.
knuckles,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function in the sport or game?	Oracle said: The object's main function in the sport or game is to protect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is used in the sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function in the sport or game?	Oracle said: It is used to punch.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of boxing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boxing glove. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to protect the face?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of different materials including plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to protect the mouth?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is commonly used in sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to protect the head?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is commonly used in sports equipment that is impact resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used to protect the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a boxing hand wrap.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to protect the wrists?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of different materials including leather?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in a specific position in the sport of boxing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a boxing mouthguard.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically used by both amateur and professional boxers?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of different materials including fabric?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to provide support?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific location in the boxing ring?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to protect a specific joint?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a boxing wrist support.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's main function in the sport of boxing?	Oracle said: The object's main function in the sport of boxing is to protect the boxer's hands.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of different materials including padding?	Oracle said: Yes.
lace,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning the face?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object small enough to be stored in a bathroom cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for styling hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to dry the hair?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to remove hair?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cloth used to style hair?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to absorb hair products?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of hair wrap?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to clean hair tools?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object usually found in a bedroom or bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply hair products?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically located near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cloth used to wipe or clean the hair or scalp?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object usually made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cotton pad?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to apply or remove hair dye?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a cotton swab?	Oracle said: No.
lantern,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors or indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object heavier than a car?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object lighter than a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide light.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a fixed position?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an outdoor lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of lantern?	Correct.
lapel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a person?.	Oracle said: Yes.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a purse or wallet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a coin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for identification?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a driver's license?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a name or number on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a passport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Guesser is asking for a category.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used to prove someone's identity or affiliation with an organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a box or in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a badge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the badge made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or display something.	Guesser said: Is the badge a picture identification badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the badge typically attached to an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the badge a name tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the badge a membership badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the badge used for a professional purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of materials that include fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the badge a sports badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the badge a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to a jacket or a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pin badge?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it decorative?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the brooch made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a silver brooch?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an antique brooch?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of a combination of materials that include silver and another material?	Oracle said: Yes.
latch,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to fasten or join two things together.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object you are thinking of most likely be found?	Oracle said: It would most likely be found in a door.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a door handle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a rotating part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a lock. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly used for doors that lead outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a door knocker.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be locked?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically attached to the door with screws?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a hinge.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a keyhole?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a deadbolt.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to control access to a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a door latch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
leash,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a golf club.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a string or cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a precision activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a high-speed activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bag or case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a throwing or catching activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a javelin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a individual competitive sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a summer activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an activity that involves a target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a function that involves a person propelling themselves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a basketball?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a basketball.	Guesser said: Is the object used for an activity that takes place on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective covering when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a bicycle helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a water-based activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand but smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.
lens,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for storing something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a TV?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for exercise?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object commonly used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of decoration?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for relaxation?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of craft supply?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of art supply?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to a leisure activity?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of kitchen tool?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used for a task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is the object a type of cleaning tool?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a precise task?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a type of precision instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object a type of measuring tool?	Oracle said: No.
leotard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I will only answer Yes or No questions.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jersey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of workout shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of moisture-wicking clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of golf shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by people who engage in high-intensity activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by professional athletes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of baseball uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of football jersey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.
lever,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's surface typically touched by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on a table or desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a home office?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object's surface typically cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's shape symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's primary function related to organization?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's weight evenly distributed?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used by people who work from home?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function related to decoration?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.
linen,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a moving part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of casual shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of golf shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of linen?	Correct.
linoleum,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically used on floors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a mop. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is used as a floor covering.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said:Is the object you are thinking of larger than a welcome mat?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a area rug?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically placed?	Oracle said: No answer.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wall-to-wall carpet?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of hard flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be installed by a homeowner?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of tile?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically installed?	Oracle said: It is typically installed on floors.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of natural stone?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in kitchens?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of vinyl?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a vinyl tile. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in homes?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of resilient flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sheet vinyl?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No answer.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is waterproof?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object you are thinking of a luxury vinyl tile?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be cut with a utility knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of peel and stick tile?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in bathrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used as a flooring material in commercial settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that is slip-resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be installed over existing flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of flooring that is commonly used in hospitals?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is easy to clean and maintain?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of homogeneous vinyl flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I think the object you are thinking of is a homogeneous vinyl floor.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of heterogeneous vinyl flooring?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a textured surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of vinyl composition tile?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is made with a combination of vinyl and other materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of vinyl flooring that is made with a layer of foam backing?	Oracle said: No.
lipstick,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a room?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function in a room where it is typically found?	Oracle said: It is used for applying color to the lips.	sser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Correct.
locket,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function when it is on a person?	Oracle said: The object's main function when it is on a person is to be worn as jewelry and to hold a picture or other small memento.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on a person's finger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a locket?	Correct.
loincloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brief?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boxer brief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of thong?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a G-string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bikini brief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically sold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boyshort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sanitary product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover the genital area.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment for women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a breathable fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment for men?	Oracle said: Yes.
longboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object that has been altered by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of rowing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is an oar. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used to propel the boat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a boathouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only wood and other materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically operated by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored on a trailer?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: The object is a Sunfish sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object commonly used for racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a Laser sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object made of wood and fiberglass?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of catamaran?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically used by beginners?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than 15 feet in length?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in Olympic competition?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of wood and carbon fiber?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of keelboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a Soling sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of sloop?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.
longbow,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the back or in the hand of an archer.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a bow. ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the bow made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for hunting and warfare.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a protective case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a longbow?	Correct.
lotion,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used primarily for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a cotton swab. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Does the object have a liquid component?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a makeup remover wipe.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to remove something from the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a facial tissue.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a shoebox?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a baby wipe.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to remove dirt or oil from the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a facial cleansing pad.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have a distinct or strong smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used once and then discarded?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a bar of soap.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to moisturize and soften the skin.	ser said: Is the object a type of cream or lotion?	Correct.
loveseat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a couch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically placed in a living room?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically placed against a wall in a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the couch you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a loveseat.	Guesser said: Is the loveseat you are thinking of made of leather?	Correct.
lumber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a box or container when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of wood that is often used for furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a creative activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a pencil?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden sculpting tool.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to create a specific type of craft or art?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in an art studio?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to prepare something for a craft or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a hardwood, such as oak or maple?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to cut or shape a specific material, such as paper or fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of wood or is it composed of multiple pieces of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to school or education?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves paper?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a playroom?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves string or yarn?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a room where people relax?	Oracle said: No.
magazine,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to inform or entertain.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Correct.
mailbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of cleaning supply?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold and carry things.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton and another material?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for carrying books?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a lunchbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for carrying tools?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a gym bag?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold things.	esser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a feed sack?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for carrying pet food?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage or a shed?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for carrying yard waste?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a woven fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a burlap sack?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No .
mailbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for preparing or consuming food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: In what room of a house is the object most likely to be found?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to be easily moved?	Oracle said: The object has a handle.	er said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a business setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: No .	said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object made of any material other than plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically found in a specific type of room in a house?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used for a task related to organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for a task that can be done by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically made of plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object typically found in a specific location in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a type of storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object's distinct shape due to its functional design?	Oracle said: Yes.
mainsail,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the sail belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function on the boat?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the sail part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the sail part of a ship's mast?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the sail's primary function to harness the wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the sail made of a synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the sail typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a mast?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the sail part of a mast's rigging?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the sail a part of a larger system that includes ropes and pulleys?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the sail used on a racing yacht?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the sail made of a high tech fabric like Kevlar or Mylar?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the sail a type of spinnaker?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the sail a type of genoa?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function on the racing yacht?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the sail typically located at the front of the boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the sail a type of jib?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the sail used for steering the yacht?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the sail made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the sail a mainsail?	Correct.
mallet,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop or a toolbox.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a pencil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to construction or repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose rather than being decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a heavy metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it! ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for driving screws?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of tool used for shaping or smoothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a file?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for grinding or sharpening?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plane?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for scraping or removing material?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object you are thinking of a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object you are thinking of used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object you are thinking of a type of saw?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical weight of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used to shape wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of an axe?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of a hand tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily with wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a toolbox or on a workbench?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hand plane?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for smoothing or planing wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can rust?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for carving wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a gouge?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by a specific type of worker or craftsman?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a woodworking shop?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of woodworking tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mallet?	Correct.
mandolin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of musical instrument is the object, is it a string instrument, a percussion instrument, a brass instrument, or a woodwind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically played while sitting down?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location where the object is stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a double bass?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object often played in orchestras?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a hard case when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object an acoustic instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object smaller than a cello but larger than a violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a viola?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's primary function within an orchestra?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of stringed instrument played with a bow?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor when played?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a dulcimer?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of zither?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a koto?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of wood and metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a guqin?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a guzheng?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to, is it a type of furniture, a type of vehicle, a type of food, a type of animal, a type of plant, a type of musical instrument, or something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a yangqin?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object often decorated with intricate carvings?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a se?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavier than 10 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a santur?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.
manger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: It is used for holding or feeding something.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of baby furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a nursery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in relation to other objects in the room?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in a corner or against a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 50 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for feeding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to feed babies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any material besides wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a changing table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used to hold a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a type of holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a baby holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of baby swing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of baby seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a baby rocker?	Oracle said: No.
map,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to provide information about the layout and features of a particular geographic area.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How big is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I can only answer Yes or No questions.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for navigation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a map?	Correct.
marionette,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically found in a theater or a toy box.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of puppet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hand puppet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a marionette.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a marionette?	Correct.
mascara,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to apply a substance to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a deodorant stick?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used to apply a liquid substance to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a shampoo bottle?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used to apply a cosmetic substance to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Is the object a mascara?	Correct.
mask,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to apply color?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of any other material besides plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in an art studio?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to create a three-dimensional object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a specific type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in the art of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of textile art?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a room with a desk?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by artists who do fashion design?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object usually found in a room where people sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of bedding?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of curtain or drapery?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of wall decoration?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's primary function to provide aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of any other material besides plastic and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be placed on a table or shelf for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object related to a type of plant or flower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a holiday or special occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function during a holiday or special occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to Easter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located in a living room during a holiday or special occasion?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to Halloween?	Oracle said: Yes.
mast,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the boat itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is it, is it something that can be related to safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a life raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the boat's safety equipment related to fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object on the boat?	Oracle said: It is used to support the sails.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function that is related to the movement of the boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the mast of the boat?	Correct.
mat,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food or ingredient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing or cooking food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sponge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Correct.
matchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: That information was not requested in the form of a Yes or No question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object's typical shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color usually uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a paper towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a tissue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a sticky note.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to business?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a business card.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to finance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to an office supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to identification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight usually heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a check.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's texture usually smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose related to packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.
matchbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pen. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of, is it bigger than a phone?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for organization or storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a folder. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of used to hold or carry small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pencil case.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to store paper or documents?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the material composition of the object you are thinking of, aside from plastic?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Does the object you are thinking of have a specific place where it is usually stored in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a desk drawer organizer.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be sealed or locked?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a money box.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a tape dispenser.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve in an office setting?	Oracle said: No .	r said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a fixed location in an office?	Oracle said: No.	id: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object you are thinking of used for a task related to paperwork?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a combination of materials including plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a purpose related to personal items or belongings in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a business card holder.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object you are thinking of used to carry personal items such as keys, wallet, or phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	d: Is the object you are thinking of made of a combination of plastic and fabric?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object you are thinking of used to carry small personal items, such as coins or keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a keychain.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is attached to a key or keys?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a purse or bag when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coin purse.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Does the object you are thinking of have separate compartments or pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pouch.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object you are thinking of used to carry or organize small items like paper clips, push pins, or beads?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a bead container.?	Oracle said: No.
mattress,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It's a rectangle.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the bedroom is to provide a surface for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a mattress. ?	racle said: Correct.
maypole,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant or tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a central point around which people dance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a merry-go-round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that allows it to be used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: It has a long vertical pole with ribbons or strings attached to the top.	Guesser said: Is the object a maypole?	Correct.
microscope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device that is implanted in the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hospital?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a respirator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's size larger than a television?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a MRI machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a room where patients are treated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move patients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an X-ray machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ventilator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located near a doctor's desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blood pressure monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device used to perform a specific procedure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help a doctor perform surgery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an operating room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dialysis machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located in a room with a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a diagnostic purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to analyze bodily fluids?	Oracle said: No.
miniskirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object you are thinking of is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have, such as size, shape, color, weight, or texture?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is small in size.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No response.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a protective function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be washed in a washing machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to cover and protect the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have, such as size, shape, color, weight, or texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object you are thinking of is a denim skirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wool skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often worn in formal occasions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pleated skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often worn in casual occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mini skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object you are thinking of is a cotton mini skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often worn by young people?	Oracle said: Yes.
mirror,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what category would you place the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for hair care?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hair dryer.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically placed when not in use?	Oracle said: That is not a yes or no question.	uesser said: Is the object's primary function related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with water?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: In what type of room is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's size fixed?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily in the morning?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a heavy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object's weight greater than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scale.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or support something?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found at a certain height on the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal that is often used for decorative objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mirror?	Correct.
mitten,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the hand.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it protective?	Oracle said: The object has insulation and a waterproof layer that makes it protective.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a winter glove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object insulated with down feathers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to keep something warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mitten?	Correct.
moat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A moat is a deep.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located around a castle.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a moat?	Correct.
moccasin,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover and protect the foot.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location when not in use?	Oracle said: It is usually in a closet or on a shoe rack.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of one material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a shoe.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe that is commonly worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a dress shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe that is commonly worn for casual, everyday activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a sneaker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location when not in use, in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: It is usually found in a closet or under a bed.	Guesser said: The object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of materials other than leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a moccasin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
moneybag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a sport or game in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of smaller than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to hold or carry something.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be attached to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a desk drawer when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bag or pouch of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pencil case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to carry small office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of usually placed on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to carry personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made in many different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a designer purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used by only one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is passed down from one person to another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of a single type of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often monogrammed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often used for a special occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often used by a woman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of leather that is known for being very soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific type of event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clutch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a strap or handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often used for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a closet or on a shelf when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to carry clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made in many different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a business trip?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has multiple compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.
mop,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Correct.
mound,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object something that can be found in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object heavier than 1 pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function or purpose?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object's function or purpose related to a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically found in a garden or park?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to exercise or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category or type of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a geological formation.	ser said: Is the object typically found in mountainous regions?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of rock?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a boulder?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a cliff?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface rough to the touch because of erosion?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of landform?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object an island?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of hill or mound?	Correct.
mousetrap,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's purpose or function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Under a bed or in a closet.	ser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for protection of the head?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of armor?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a bulletproof vest?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object used for protection of the body?	Oracle said: No.	 the object a type of shield?	Oracle said: No.	s the object used to protect something other than a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for protecting electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for protecting furniture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a single type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect plants?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to protect food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's physical attribute, such as its shape, size, color, or weight?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to protect food from pests?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a mouse trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's physical attribute, such as its shape, size, color, or weight?	Oracle said: Yes .	er said: Is the object typically gray in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object heavy enough to stay in place when stepped on?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where is the object typically placed in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No .	 said: Is the object used to catch mice?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a specific location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object placed near a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a type of trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used to protect food from mice in a kitchen by being placed in a location where mice are likely to be?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a traditional type of mouse trap?	said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a spring-loaded mouse trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a traditional spring-loaded mouse trap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
muffler,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves movement or action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sporting equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a bicycle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object something that can be attached or detached from something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	esser said: Is the object used in a work or professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of lock or locking mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	sser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in an emergency situation?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a fire extinguisher.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical material composition of the object you are thinking of, aside from metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a function that is critical to the operation of something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a situation where there is a risk of injury?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of protective gear?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a situation where there is a risk of falling?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape.	sser said: Is the object used in a situation where there is a risk of being struck or hit?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of metal that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a function that is related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of vehicle part?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the vehicle part you are thinking of typically found on the exterior of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of wheel or tire component?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the vehicle part you are thinking of typically made of a type of metal that is very strong?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of axle or suspension component?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object heavy enough that it would be difficult for one person to lift?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the function of the vehicle part you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to reduce noise.
mulch,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a garden setting.	Guesser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gardening tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than a pound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a log?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object bark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wood product made from a hardwood tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of firewood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of setting would you typically find the object being used?	Oracle said: It would typically be found in a garden.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree stump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood that has been processed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a garden setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a garden setting is to retain moisture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of mulch?	Correct.
mural,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is primarily for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What function does the object serve besides decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific holiday?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What function does the object serve besides decoration?	Oracle said: It serves as a form of artistic expression and can convey a message or tell a story.	sser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of monument?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object the Statue of Liberty?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in Europe?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object the Eiffel Tower?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object depict a historical figure?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object located in the United Kingdom?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a pedestal or base?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a statue of a female historical figure?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in France?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a statue of a male historical figure from before the 20th century?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a statue of a male historical figure from the 20th century?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What function does the object serve besides decoration and artistic expression?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in Italy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a statue of a historical figure from the Renaissance period?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of marble?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a statue of a historical figure from ancient times?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in Rome?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a type of war memorial?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a statue of a male historical figure who was a leader?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object located in Florence?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a statue of Dante Alighieri?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.
muzzle,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a functional use for the animal it is on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a saddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of leather that comes from a cow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of serve a protective function for the animal it is on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically located on a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: It has a strap.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a halter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a buckle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for dogs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dog collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made from full grain leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dog leash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is attached to a dog's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dog harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dog tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically located on the dog's neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a name tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a prong collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for training?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically used on puppies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to correct behavior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made from a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a choke collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for walking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a head collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to restrain the dog?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically used by professional dog trainers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve for the dog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used on other animals besides dogs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a muzzle?	Correct.
napkin,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of fruit?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object made of organic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a spice?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of grain?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object's surface smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be consumed by humans?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically found in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object's shape irregular?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a napkin?	Correct.
neckband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession that requires working with one's hands?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a specific room in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to a specific profession that involves working with people?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used in a task that involves applying pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a task related to sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed on a surface?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a clothes hanger?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to carry or hold clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a laundry basket?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to hold or carry shoes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to hold or carry folded clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of plastic and fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of container for clothing items?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object commonly located near a dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used to organize clothing?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically placed in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or carry clothing items that are not folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be bent?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of clip?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used to hold or carry clothing items that are hung up?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a combination of plastic and fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing hanger accessory?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used to hold or carry clothing items that are put on and taken off frequently?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of shoe tree?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.
neckerchief,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to, such as food, clothing, furniture, or something else?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	uesser said: Does the object cover the upper part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a type of sweater?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the primary material used to make the object?	Oracle said: Yes .	esser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: No .	er said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Does the object serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: No answer to this question.	r said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to be worn around the neck for warmth.	sser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object usually found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to, such as casual, formal, or something else?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a specific occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically made of only one color of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's function or purpose in the context of the specific occasion it is used for?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory that is commonly given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of clothing that can be worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object something that can be easily packed in a suitcase?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet on a hook?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the neck.	r said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of clothing that is often worn in the winter?	Oracle said: Yes.	d: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.
necklace,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of jewelry is the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of silver or gold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Correct.
necktie,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn around the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a rack or in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of necktie?	Correct.
net,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function is to catch or hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of sporting goods equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to catch a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a baseball glove?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a net?	Correct.
newspaper,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Yes .	uesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location in a typical household?	Oracle said: It is usually found on a table or countertop.	uesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to entertainment, such as playing music or displaying images?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to a board game?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a card?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location in a typical household?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a table.	esser said: Is the object used for a competitive activity?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that makes it suitable for reading?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Correct.
nightdress,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the clothing category.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajama?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightgown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that provides a service or function related to comfort or convenience?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people sleep on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a loose.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No response.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a thick material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a dresser or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pajama top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of thermal top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a single color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used primarily by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of slip?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a slip. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of teddy?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a decorative function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of lingerie?	Oracle said: Yes.
nightshirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, is it larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blue t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a white t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition, is it made of a mixture of materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a black t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on a person?	Oracle said: The object's function on a person is to provide warmth and comfort while sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: In a dresser drawer or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a pajama shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton pajama shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color red?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on a person?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort and modesty while sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object's color green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color gray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color purple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed when it is being worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color yellow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sleepwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color orange?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton sleep shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size, is it smaller than a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a child's sleep shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color pink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity while a person is sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boy's sleep shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only synthetic materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toddler's sleep shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's color turquoise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pre-teen's sleep shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's size medium?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pre-teen girl's sleep shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.
nightstick,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in the hands of a police officer.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a heavy metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is for self defense and to apply blunt force.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a holster?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of lead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by police officers to subdue suspects without using deadly force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a nightstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of fabric that is smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of nylon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be carried?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to constrict or hang.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of polyester?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a pillow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to restrain.
notebook,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	 the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object related to health or wellness?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	er said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object used to carry or hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made primarily of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object used to wrap or cover something?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a type of packaging material?	Oracle said: No.	: Is the object used for a business or professional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of document or paper product?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	s the object a type of notebook or binder?	Correct.
nozzle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of only plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object you are thinking of have that allows it to be used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean a specific part of the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a hard plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dustpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found on the counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean countertops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary physical attribute of the object that allows it to clean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean the sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean a drain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toilet brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean the stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a single piece of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in only one room of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object you are thinking of typically stored?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean a small area?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean a sink drain?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically round in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of used to clean the area around a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a type of plastic that is resistant to water?	Oracle said: Yes.
nutcracker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to crack open nuts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a nutcracker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
oar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a sports equipment bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pad or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stick or bat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically longer than 3 feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lacrosse stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of a hard type of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a field hockey stick?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found on a field or a court?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used in the sport of polo?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a cold climate?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a hockey stick?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in the sport of curling?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of plastic that is durable?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used in a winter sport?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a dry location?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a water sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that floats in water?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for in the water sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found near a lake or ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a type of paddle?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a kayak paddle?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a bright color?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the water sport of kayaking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a type of plastic that is resistant to ultraviolet light?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in North America?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object commonly used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used primarily in freshwater?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used in a calm body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a location with a lot of trees?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object commonly used during the summer?	Oracle said: Yes.
oilcan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: It falls into the category of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for tightening or loosening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a drill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: I will only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a material that can be recycled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a plier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for gripping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of heavier than 2 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a location that is dry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a distinct or unusual smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lubricator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for lubricating machinery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an oil can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of a type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be purchased at a hardware store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly used for lubricating car parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a material that is resistant to corrosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of an oil can with a long spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a location that is out of reach of children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a warning label on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used by professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored on a high shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that requires special handling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a specific expiration date?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be refilled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in a specific type of industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made of a type of metal that is silver in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a critical function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a location that is near a workbench?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that has a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.
overcoat,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: No answer.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object you are thinking of is used for protection against the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a raincoat.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be hung on a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a trench coat.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a poncho.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protection against the rain?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is an umbrella.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: Typically in a closet.	sser said: Does the object you are thinking of have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paddle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stuffed animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a popular children's character?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a squeaky toy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a playroom or play area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a block.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one child at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a doll.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rattle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pacifier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human fist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sippy cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a toy box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a jump rope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a drum.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a kazoo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a maraca.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creative play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a play kitchen utensil.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for imaginative play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a school or daycare setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stress ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sensory play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whoopee cushion.?	Oracle said: No.
pail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something.	sser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found on a countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for carrying.	r said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object larger than a toaster?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for mixing?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of appliance?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of tin?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of can?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object's physical attribute heavy?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used in a specific room of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for carrying hot food?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made of bronze?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a type of dish?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for carrying cold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: Is the object a type of bowl?	Oracle said: No.	aid: Is the object used for carrying liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	: Is the object a type of pitcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: The object is a pitcher.<|eot_id|>?	Oracle said: No<|eot_id|>.	sser said: Is the object a type of jug?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for carrying juice?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object's physical attribute large?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object used for carrying water?	Oracle said: Yes.
paintball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a paintball field.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fire projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintball gun?	Correct.
paintbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercise or sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have that makes it useful for its intended task?	Oracle said: It has small compartments to hold and organize different colors of paint.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Winsor and Newton paint box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by artists?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the small compartments in the object?	Oracle said: They hold different colors of paint.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that can be done while sitting down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed in a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in an upright position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires precision?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that can be done by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bob Ross paint box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that requires creativity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a room where art classes are taught?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a type of wood that is resistant to scratches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by students?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's color typically a natural wood color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watercolor painting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of any glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Cotman watercolor paint box?	Oracle said: Yes.
paintbrush,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a recreational or entertainment purpose?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: No response.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet or on a shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I will not answer that question.	esser said: Is the object used for a task that involves movement or action of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a change in the object's shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a container.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a repetitive motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a physical change in something other than the object itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves applying pressure or force to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object larger than a football?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a physical interaction with a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be recycled?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a back-and-forth motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a container or bag when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves a change in the texture or consistency of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is soft to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a scraping or rubbing motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a type of plastic that is more dense than water?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves food or cooking in any way?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves removing something from a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically made of a type of plastic that has a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a purpose that involves cleaning a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object typically stored in a location that is easy to access?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a gentle motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object typically made of a type of plastic that is resistant to scratches?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a sponge.?	Oracle said: No.
painting,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is it, is it a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: No .	esser said: Is the object related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of building?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Is the object related to a type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object located in a specific room in the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a type of painting?	Correct.
