spacesuit,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of many materials including metals.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large enough to fit a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of synthetic materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect the wearer from the dangers of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the wearer?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the wearer from the environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object's material properties include being made of a combination of synthetic materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is used in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the wearer's body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the wearer's body.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a pressurized garment that includes a helmet.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance?	Oracle said: I am not aware of any information about the object's maintenance.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object's history is that it was first developed in the 1930s.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the space environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the space environment is to protect the wearer from the harsh conditions of space.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is designed to maintain a safe internal environment for a person in a hostile external environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the wearer's safety?	Oracle said: The object is crucial to the wearer's safety in a hostile environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to its purpose?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to its purpose is for protection and survival in a specific environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is designed to protect its occupant from the harsh conditions of its environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object is designed to protect its contents.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily made up of synthetic polymers.
underwear,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on a person's body.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is a relatively small and varies in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is often in a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft and smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function and purpose is to provide comfort and support for the wearer.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and flexibility?	Oracle said: The object's weight is very light and it is very flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and function in the context of the person wearing it?	Oracle said: The object's purpose and function is to provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell and temperature?	Oracle said: The object's smell is generally fresh and clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the context of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is a type of undergarment.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's primary function and purpose is to provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's material and structure?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric and its structure is composed of a waistband and a pouch that covers the groin area.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other clothing items?	Oracle said: It is worn under them.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is worn on or near the body to provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the person's activities?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide comfort and support during various physical activities.
hinge,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for connecting two parts together so that they can move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often attached to other objects and allows them to move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape in relation to a common object?	Oracle said: The object is generally small.	Guesser said: What are the objects properties when being used?	Oracle said: When being used.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment when it is being used?	Oracle said: It can be found in many environments.	Guesser said: What are the objects mechanical properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's function is to connect two objects together while allowing them to move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: What are the objects physical properties when not being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal and is usually attached to two objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a hardware.	Guesser said: What is the objects interaction with other objects when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object interacts with two other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object's function change when it is being used in different locations?	Oracle said: The object's function does not change based on location.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is often found attached to other objects.	Guesser said: What is the objects history of development?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a long history of development that dates back to ancient civilizations.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in its category?	Oracle said: It is a crucial component that allows for the opening and closing of various objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the objects it connects?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to allow the objects it connects to move relative to each other.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanical properties in relation to the objects it connects?	Oracle said: The object allows for rotational movement around a fixed axis between two objects that it connects.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the objects it connects in terms of movement?	Oracle said: The object allows for rotational movement around a fixed axis between the objects it connects.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of that allows it to have its mechanical properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be made of various materials.
barbell,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of exercise equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a gym.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 4-7 feet in length and has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for weightlifting.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object is used for lifting and exercising.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use and function?	Oracle said: The object's intended use and function is for weightlifting and exercise.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin and history?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has its origin in ancient Greece.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is often found in a gym or fitness center.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use and function in the context of exercise?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is for weightlifting.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is variable.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and function?	Oracle said: The object's category is exercise equipment and its function is for weightlifting.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and lifespan?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can last for many years.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object is composed of a central bar with weights attached to the ends.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and significance?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for weightlifting and strength training.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes and properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality and usage?	Oracle said: The object is used for physical exercise and weightlifting.
asphalt,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads and other surfaces.	Guesser said: How is the object typically categorized?	Oracle said: The object is typically categorized as a construction material.	Guesser said: What are the objects chemical properties?	Oracle said: Asphalt is a sticky.	Guesser said: What is the objects molecular structure?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a asphalt.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the objects location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What are the objects physical properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is black.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a material.	Guesser said: What are the objects environmental interactions?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be affected by weather.	Guesser said: What are the objects mechanical properties?	Oracle said: It has a high viscosity and is malleable when heated.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in society?	Oracle said: The object's function in society is to be used as a construction material for building and maintaining roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's molecular weight?	Oracle said: The molecular weight is not a fixed value because asphalt is a complex mixture of hydrocarbons.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in construction?	Oracle said: The object is used to pave roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's source?	Oracle said: The object's source is petroleum.	Guesser said: What are the object's manufacturing processes?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made from the residue of crude oil.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What are the object's industrial applications?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used in construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is composed of a mixture of petroleum-based products.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for paving roads and parking lots in many cultures.
cloak,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is often found in a wardrobe.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically large enough to cover a person's body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the human body to provide warmth and protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and weight?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and its weight is light to medium.	Guesser said: Guess the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to the human body when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the back and around the shoulders.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern and style?	Oracle said: The object has a simple pattern and a medieval style.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the human body and environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's history and origin?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a long and varied history.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a specific context or situation?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and protection in cold weather or harsh environments.	Guesser said: Guess the object is a cloak.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 8 to 12 inches tall and 4 to 6 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 1-2 ounces and its density is roughly 0.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information about a particular topic.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell and texture?	Oracle said: The object has a smell of fresh paper and ink.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a particular topic.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically multicolored and the pattern varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a type of paper product.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use and benefits?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is to provide information and benefits include educating and informing the reader about a particular topic or service.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin and history?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has been used for centuries.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural and social significance?	Oracle said: The object's cultural and social significance is related to providing information.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be found with other objects of its type in a rack or on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object's durability is somewhat fragile.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and upkeep?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance and upkeep typically involve keeping it clean and free from damage.	Guesser said: What is the object's appearance and aesthetic?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often placed on a table or counter for people to pick up and look at.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer and production process?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer can be any printing company and its production process involves printing and folding paper.
armoire,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large and tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's material origin?	Oracle said: The object's material origin is wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is typically a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and construction?	Oracle said: The object's composition and construction is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's use and function?	Oracle said: The object's use and function is to store clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object's type and kind?	Oracle said: The object is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's form and appearance?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification and group?	Oracle said: The object's classification is furniture and the group is cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object's components and parts?	Oracle said: The object has shelves.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to store and organize clothing and other personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is very durable and long-lasting.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and upkeep?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance and upkeep typically involve dusting and polishing its surface.
jacket,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment can be outdoors or indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically larger than a shoe and smaller than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight and density vary depending on its size.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is an article of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and the pattern is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object's function varies across cultures.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object's durability and longevity vary depending on the material and quality of construction.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object's composition is typically fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has been used for thousands of years.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance and symbolism?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be symbolic of status.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and smell?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically various shades of black.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and care?	Oracle said: The object should be washed in cold water.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the human body?	Oracle said: The object is something that is worn on the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature and conductivity?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the same as the ambient temperature and it is a poor conductor of electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in different activities?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide warmth in cold weather.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship with other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is worn on top of other clothing items.	Guesser said: What is the object's price and value?	Oracle said: I am not able to provide information about the price or value of the object.
gauze,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the medical category.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment like?	Oracle said: The object is often used in a medical or first aid environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human body?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object is used for wound care.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of woven fibers.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the medical field is to protect wounds and promote healing by covering and cushioning them.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a medical setting?	Oracle said: The object is often found in a supply closet.	Guesser said: What type of medical procedure does the object assist in?	Oracle said: The object assists in wound care and dressing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material density?	Oracle said: The object's material density is very low.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a medical setting?	Oracle said: The object is used to dress and protect wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the human body?	Oracle said: The object comes into contact with the human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is being used is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object is used to absorb fluids.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's usage in a medical setting?	Oracle said: The object is used to absorb fluids.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is from a plant.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification in a medical setting?	Oracle said: The object is classified as a type of medical supply.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft and loose.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's surroundings when it is being used is a medical setting.
dishtowel,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is usually cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturing process?	Oracle said: The object is made from cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape and its size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is categorized as a household item.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and texture?	Oracle said: The object's weight is light and its texture is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's function in the kitchen is to dry dishes and other items.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color is blue and white and its pattern is a simple checkered design.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the kitchen is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and maintenance requirements?	Oracle said: The object is fairly durable.	Guesser said: What is the object's usage frequency?	Oracle said: The object is used daily.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's typical use case in the kitchen is to dry dishes and other items after they have been washed.	Guesser said: What is the object's density and buoyancy?	Oracle said: The object's density is approximately 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's environmental impact?	Oracle said: The object's environmental impact is relatively low.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's usage history?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has been used to dry dishes and wipe down surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and components?	Oracle said: The object is a single piece of material.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is often used with dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object is made of a type of fabric that is absorbent.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical dimensions and volume?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a dishtowel.
jumpsuit,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn in a variety of environments.	Guesser said: What is the objects composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is a garment.	Guesser said: What material is the object's fabric made of?	Oracle said: The object's fabric is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the objects physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and has sleeves and pant legs that are connected at the waist.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What is the objects texture and weight?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and its weight is light to medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object covers and protects the human body.	Guesser said: What is the objects durability and flexibility?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is durable and has some flexibility.	Guesser said: What is the objects purpose in different locations?	Oracle said: The object can be used for various purposes depending on the location.	Guesser said: What is the objects structure and pattern?	Oracle said: The object has a one piece structure and a variety of patterns.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of human activity?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for protection and comfort during various activities such as work.	Guesser said: What is the objects temperature regulation and breathability?	Oracle said: The object is designed to provide moderate temperature regulation and breathability.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object's function in different cultures can vary.	Guesser said: What is the objects layering and versatility?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn as a single layer.	Guesser said: What is the objects function in relation to protection?	Oracle said: The object provides protection for the wearer from the elements and from physical harm by covering the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's style and aesthetic?	Oracle said: The object's style and aesthetic is typically functional and practical.
gargoyle,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically 1 to 5 feet tall and has a grotesque.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is sculpture.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a stone carving in the form of a grotesque creature.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to ward off evil spirits and to protect buildings from harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its environment is to ward off evil spirits and serve as a water spout on a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is European.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in its location?	Oracle said: The object is used for water run off.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship with people?	Oracle said: The object is often found on buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's historical context?	Oracle said: The object has been used for centuries.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically attached to a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in its location?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to serve as a water spout and to ward off evil spirits.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship with the building?	Oracle said: The object is attached to or part of the building.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of statue.	Guesser said: What is the object's architectural feature?	Oracle said: The object's architectural feature is that of a water spout.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification?	Oracle said: It is a type of statue.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is often found on or near buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes include stone carvings of grotesque creatures.
textbook,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in a classroom.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and the size can vary but is often around 8 to 10 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning and education.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 3 pounds and its density is about 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the classroom is to provide information to students and to serve as a reference for teachers.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and longevity?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can last for many years if properly taken care of.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the educational process?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the educational process is to provide information and knowledge to students on a specific subject or topic.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is paper and ink.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the environment?	Oracle said: The object can be held.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 10 inches by 7 inches by 2 inches in size.	Guesser said: What is the object's relevance to the students?	Oracle said: The object is often used by students for studying and learning new information.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and location?	Oracle said: The object's category is academic and educational supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the educational process?	Oracle said: The object's function in the educational process is to provide information and knowledge to students.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is used for educational purposes in the classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and size?	Oracle said: The object's category is book and the size is typically 7 to 10 inches wide and 9 to 11 inches tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the students?	Oracle said: The object is often carried by students and used as a reference for learning and studying.	Guesser said: What is the object's material and texture?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of paper.
mainsail,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a strong and durable material such as Dacron or nylon.	Guesser said: What is the objects typical location?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically triangular in shape and can vary greatly in size.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a sail.	Guesser said: What is the objects material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials including synthetic fibers such as nylon or polyester.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on the boat?	Oracle said: The object's function on the boat is to harness the wind and propel the boat forward.	Guesser said: What is the objects physical properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is on a boat.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is sailing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and the material's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is primarily made of a synthetic material.	Guesser said: What is the objects function on the boat and the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's function on the boat is to propel the boat through the water by harnessing the wind.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and the materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: The object's structure is typically a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and its location?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to propel a boat through the water by harnessing the wind.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: I am not allowed to give you that information.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on the boat and its location on the boat?	Oracle said: The object's function on the boat is to harness the wind and propel the boat forward.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and its physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a durable.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and its location on the boat?	Oracle said: The mainsail is large and is located on the mast.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and its category?	Oracle said: The object's function is to generate power for movement.	Guesser said: What is the object's material and the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's material is usually fabric.
harpoon,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is hunting equipment.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically aquatic.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and weight?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 1 and 3 meters in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting or fishing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in hunting?	Oracle said: The object's function in hunting is to spear and catch prey.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape and texture?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a sharp point on one end.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the ocean?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the ocean is to hunt or catch large sea creatures.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is for hunting or catching.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of metal?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used to pierce and hook into other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: The object's design is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanism?	Oracle said: The object's mechanism is a type of spear gun.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is ancient times.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: The object has been used by various cultures.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical structure?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and location?	Oracle said: The object is a type of hunting equipment and is typically found on boats or in the hands of hunters.
sweater,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is variable.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and color?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 2 pounds and its color is blue.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and cover the torso and arms.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and flexibility?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft and it is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is an article of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's style and pattern?	Oracle said: The object's style is casual and the pattern can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to provide warmth to a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's history and origin?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a history that dates back to the 11th century.	Guesser said: What is the object's current condition and state?	Oracle said: The object is in good condition and is folded.	Guesser said: What is the object's density and durability?	Oracle said: The object's density is moderate and its durability is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and care requirements?	Oracle said: The object should be washed in cold water.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment and surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is often found in a closet or dresser drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body and its purpose?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth to the body and is typically worn to cover the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and flexibility in relation to its material composition?	Oracle said: The object is moderately durable and has a good amount of flexibility due to its material composition.
tiara,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is often worn in formal or ceremonial settings.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object function in formal or ceremonial settings?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by royalty or individuals of high status during formal events.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in being worn by royalty or individuals of high status?	Oracle said: The object is worn as a symbol of wealth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 5 to 10 inches in diameter and 2 to 4 inches in height.	Guesser said: How does the object function in terms of its purpose as a symbol of wealth?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the head and serves as a symbol of royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in the ceremonial setting?	Oracle said: The object is often worn by royalty or high-ranking officials during formal events.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: The object has been used in various cultures to signify royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has been used by royalty and other high-ranking individuals for centuries.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of its ceremonial purpose?	Oracle said: The object is worn on formal occasions.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is not relevant to the object's identity.	Guesser said: How is the object used in formal or ceremonial settings?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head as a symbol of status or royalty during formal or ceremonial events.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's usage as a symbol of wealth?	Oracle said: The object is often used as a symbol of wealth and royalty.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of jewelry?	Oracle said: The object's category of jewelry is a headpiece.	Guesser said: What is the object's social significance?	Oracle said: The object is often associated with royalty and nobility.	Guesser said: What is the object's historical significance?	Oracle said: The object has been used in various historical and cultural contexts to signify royalty.
mirror,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is reflective surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to reflect light and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in the bedroom is to provide a reflection of oneself.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of glass with a reflective metal coating on the back.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is often placed on a dresser or hung on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to the human body is to reflect the image of a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object is very durable and can withstand scratches and minor impacts but can shatter or break if dropped from a significant height or hit with enough force.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to other objects in the bedroom is to reflect them.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects in the bedroom?	Oracle said: It is something that can be hung on a wall or placed on a dresser.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight is roughly 1-2 pounds and its density is roughly 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is reflective.	Guesser said: What is the object's aesthetic properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects in the bedroom that are used for decoration?	Oracle said: The object's category in relation to other objects in the bedroom that are used for decoration is that it is also used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to humans in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to humans in the bedroom is to reflect their image.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture and color?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and its color is silver.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings in relation to other objects in the bedroom that are used for decoration?	Oracle said: The object is hung on the wall.
flagpole,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be found in a front yard.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically tall and slender.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is typically metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is usually outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function and purpose is to hold and display a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's location and how is it used?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors and is often used to hold a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and how does it operate?	Oracle said: The object is typically a tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's appearance and how does it relate to the environment?	Oracle said: The object is a tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and how does it relate to the environment in which it is used?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold and display a flag.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, shape, and material?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and function?	Oracle said: The object's category is man-made and its function is to support and display something.	Guesser said: What is the object's design and construction?	Oracle said: The object's design and construction typically consist of a tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's location and environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold something in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, shape, and composition?	Oracle said: The object is typically tall and slender.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's category is a structure and its purpose is to hold and display something.	Guesser said: What is the object's design, construction, and material?	Oracle said: The object is typically tall and slender.
train,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people and goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large and has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight distribution?	Oracle said: The object's weight is distributed over a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in society?	Oracle said: The object's function in society is to transport people and goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is often found on tracks.	Guesser said: What is the object's mobility?	Oracle said: The object is mobile.	Guesser said: What is the object's construction?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the economy?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the economy is to transport people and goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is about 1000 feet long and weighs around 10 million pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's operational requirements?	Oracle said: The object requires a track to operate and a source of power.
streetlight,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally tall and slender.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a type of lighting.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality?	Oracle said: The object provides light to an area.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in public spaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's structural components?	Oracle said: The object's structural components include a base.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for lighting.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and color?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily metal and the color is usually a variation of grey.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and how is it used?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to illuminate an area.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature varies depending on the conditions.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to its environment is to provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's density and weight?	Oracle said: I am not capable of providing a numerical value for the object's density and weight as it varies greatly depending on the specific type and material of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and classification?	Oracle said: The object's category is a man-made object and its classification is a type of lighting fixture.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object illuminates the surrounding area at night.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is composed of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and functionality in relation to human activity?	Oracle said: The object's purpose and functionality in relation to human activity is to provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship with other objects in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically mounted on a pole or a wall.
incubator,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a medical device.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a hospital.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for creating and maintaining a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 2-3 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the medical field?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the medical field is to provide a controlled environment for the care and development of premature or ill newborn babies.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a hospital?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a neonatal intensive care unit.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be manufactured by many different companies.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a controlled environment for the care and protection of premature or ill newborn babies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a medical device.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary but is typically around 3-6 feet long and 2-3 feet wide and its weight can also vary but is typically around 200-500 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the medical field?	Oracle said: It is used to provide a controlled environment for the care of premature or ill newborn babies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and construction?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's category is medical equipment and its purpose is to provide a controlled environment for the care and protection of premature or ill newborn babies.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and functionality?	Oracle said: The object is typically large enough to hold a premature baby.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment and location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a hospital.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and function?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a controlled environment for the growth and development of living organisms.
lever,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be made of many different materials including metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a machine part.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is a machine or a tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's functionality?	Oracle said: The object's functionality is to provide mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size varies greatly.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the machine or tool?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the machine or tool is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: I am not allowed to give you information about the object's weight and density.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the machine or tool?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification in the machine or tool?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is classified as a simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of simple machine?	Oracle said: It is a simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and rigid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the machine or tool?	Oracle said: The object's function in the machine or tool is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanical properties?	Oracle said: The object's mechanical properties include a fulcrum.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the machine or tool?	Oracle said: The object's location in the machine or tool is typically at a point where it can pivot or rotate.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanical advantage?	Oracle said: The object's mechanical advantage is the ratio of the output force to the input force.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a simple machine consisting of a rigid bar that pivots around a fixed point.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of simple machine?	Oracle said: It is a type of simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's type of lever?	Correct.
yacht,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's size is large and its shape is sleek and elongated.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is water.	Guesser said: What material is the object's surface made of?	Oracle said: The object's surface is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: I am not aware of any specific manufacturer of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed and maneuverability?	Oracle said: The object's speed can reach up to 25 knots and it has good maneuverability for its size.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use and the skills required to operate it?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is for recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's location of origin?	Oracle said: The object's location of origin is not specific.	Guesser said: What is the object's stability and balance?	Oracle said: The object has a keel that provides stability and balance.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and the activities that can be done with it?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's propulsion and steering system?	Oracle said: The object has a propeller and rudder.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and buoyancy?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can weigh anywhere from 23.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in the water.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and upkeep?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance and upkeep is typically high.	Guesser said: What is the object's dimensions and layout?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a yacht.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function and purpose is to provide a means of transportation and recreation on water.
cannon,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on land.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the objects size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large and has a cylindrical shape with a narrow end and a wider end.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object uses explosive force to propel a projectile over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's density?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a cannon.	Guesser said: How does the object function in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used to propel a projectile over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to launch projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's mass and volume?	Oracle said: The object's mass is approximately 5000 kg and its volume is approximately 10 cubic meters.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object can be used to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in its environment and its category?	Oracle said: The object's function is to fire projectiles and its category is a type of artillery.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer can be any of several companies including.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to its location?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to launch projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and density?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and function?	Oracle said: The object's category is a weapon and its function is to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and location?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch projectiles and its location is typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and material?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary greatly.
radio,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is often found in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 10 to 20 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is typically plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and how does it relate to the environment it is in?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for entertainment and information.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and volume?	Oracle said: I am not going to tell you the weight or volume of the object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the environment it is in?	Oracle said: The object's function is to receive and play back audio signals.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to in the environment it is in?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the user in the environment it is in?	Oracle said: The object is something that the user interacts with to receive information or entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties that make it functional?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the environment it is in?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to receive and play back sound from various sources.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanism of operation?	Oracle said: The object's mechanism of operation is based on the reception and playback of electromagnetic waves.	Guesser said: What is the object's electrical properties?	Oracle said: It requires a power source to function and uses electricity to operate.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition and its properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the environment and user?	Oracle said: The object receives signals from the environment and the user interacts with it by turning knobs or pressing buttons to change the signal being received.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the electronics category?	Oracle said: The object is in the entertainment category.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanism of operation and how does it relate to its function?	Oracle said: The object's mechanism of operation is based on the reception and conversion of electromagnetic waves.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the home?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in the living room.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to other objects in the home?	Oracle said: The object is often placed on a shelf or table.
popgun,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: It can be used indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand and is roughly cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment and to play pranks on others.	Guesser said: What is the object's age and condition?	Oracle said: The object is not old.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is in a toy box.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's social significance?	Oracle said: It is often associated with children's play and can be seen as a nostalgic reminder of childhood innocence and simplicity.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: I am not allowed to provide specific details about the object's weight and density.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to launch a small projectile.	Guesser said: What is the object's material origin?	Oracle said: The object's material origin is wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's historical significance?	Oracle said: It has been a toy used by children for centuries.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical structure?	Oracle said: The object has a hollow tube with a handle and a trigger.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to other objects in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often held in the hand of a child.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and texture?	Oracle said: The object's color can be varied.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide entertainment for the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object is used to play a prank on someone.
streetcar,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is typically urban.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily composed of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: I do not know the manufacturer of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function and purpose is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's classification?	Oracle said: The object is classified as a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's operational characteristics?	Oracle said: The object is designed to transport people along a fixed route.	Guesser said: What is the object's structural features?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in cities.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: The object's weight can vary depending on the specific type and capacity.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose in its environment?	Oracle said: The object's function and purpose in its environment is to transport people from one place to another along a fixed route.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is often found on tracks.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance and upkeep requirements?	Oracle said: The object requires regular cleaning and lubrication of its wheels and axles.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and classification?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is classified as a vehicle and its category is a mode of transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's design and construction?	Oracle said: The object's design and construction are typically made of metal and have a rectangular shape with wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in society?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in society is to transport people from one location to another.
laser,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for a variety of purposes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of several materials including metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects environment?	Oracle said: The object is often used in a lab or office.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is generally small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a lab or office?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to emit a concentrated beam of light.	Guesser said: What type of electronics is the object classified as?	Oracle said: The object is classified as an optical electronics device.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in an optical electronics context?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in an optical electronics context is to produce a concentrated beam of light by amplifying light through stimulated emission.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other electronics in a lab or office?	Oracle said: The object is often used in conjunction with other electronics in a lab or office.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in terms of its internal components?	Oracle said: The object is composed of a gain medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is often used in conjunction with other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure in terms of its internal and external components?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a gain medium.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object emits a beam of light that can travel long distances and interact with surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object is typically shaped in a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanism of operation?	Oracle said: The object's mechanism of operation involves the emission of a concentrated beam of light through stimulated emission of photons from excited atoms or molecules.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other optical electronics devices?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of optical electronics device and is used in conjunction with other optical electronics devices.	Guesser said: What is the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are typically around 10 to 20 centimeters in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a lab setting?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a lab setting is to produce an intense beam of light that can be used for a variety of applications.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in terms of its materials and internal components?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is primarily composed of a semiconductor material.
taillight,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of automotive parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 6 to 12 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of its molecular structure?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of its purpose on the vehicle?	Oracle said: The object's function is to indicate to other drivers when the vehicle is slowing down or stopping.	Guesser said: What is the object's visual appearance in terms of its color and reflectivity?	Oracle said: The object's visual appearance is typically red in color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to safety?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to safety is to alert other drivers of the vehicle's presence.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in terms of its classification within the automotive parts category?	Oracle said: It is a type of lighting component.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the vehicle's electrical system?	Oracle said: The object is connected to the vehicle's electrical system.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with the vehicle's other components?	Oracle said: The object interacts with the vehicle's electrical system to receive power and with the vehicle's brake system to illuminate when the brakes are applied.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in terms of its weight and durability?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is generally lightweight and is designed to be durable to withstand various environmental conditions and potential impacts.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of its role in the vehicle's operation?	Oracle said: The object's function is to indicate to other drivers when the vehicle is stopping or turning.	Guesser said: What is the object's visual appearance in terms of its shape and size in relation to other vehicle components?	Oracle said: The object is typically a rectangular or circular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's connection to the vehicle's computer system?	Oracle said: The object is connected to the vehicle's computer system through wiring.	Guesser said: What is the object's response to different environmental conditions such as temperature and humidity?	Oracle said: The object's performance may be affected by extreme temperatures and humidity.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition in terms of the types of materials used and their proportions?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction with other vehicle components in terms of its placement and positioning?	Oracle said: The object is typically mounted at the rear of the vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in terms of its classification within the automotive parts category?	Oracle said: It is classified as an exterior part.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition in terms of its texture and smoothness?	Oracle said: The object is made of a combination of materials.
snowmobile,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location can vary.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 10 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to its environment?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in relation to its environment is transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: The object's typical environment is snow.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment to achieve its primary function?	Oracle said: The object interacts with its environment by using a continuous track to propel itself forward.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and balance?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 400 and 600 pounds.	Guesser said: How does the object's material composition contribute to its primary function?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily made up of metals.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of human activity?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What are the object's key components?	Oracle said: The object's key components include an engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use in relation to its user?	Oracle said: The object's intended use is to transport the user across snow and ice.	Guesser said: What is the object's overall design and construction?	Oracle said: The object's overall design and construction is that of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical user interface?	Oracle said: The object's typical user interface includes handlebars with handgrips and a throttle lever.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is a gasoline engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the user's goals?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the user's goals is to provide transportation and recreation in snowy environments.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: How does the object's size and weight contribute to its primary function?	Oracle said: The object's size and weight allow it to be easily maneuvered and provide stability.
phone,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the objects category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight?	Oracle said: I am thinking of an object that is approximately 5-6 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a person's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the objects function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is a battery.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location and how is it used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a person's hand or pocket and it is used for communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape and color?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular and the color is black.	Guesser said: What is the object's interface and how does it interact with the user?	Oracle said: The object's interface is typically a touchscreen display.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment and surroundings?	Oracle said: The object's typical environment and surroundings include being held in a person's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and lifespan?	Oracle said: The object's durability and lifespan can vary depending on the model and usage.	Guesser said: What is the object's function and purpose?	Oracle said: The object's function and purpose is to make and receive calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's technology and features?	Oracle said: It has a touchscreen.	Guesser said: What is the object's category and classification?	Oracle said: The object is classified as an electronic device.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and construction?	Oracle said: The object's composition is primarily plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's interaction and usability?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand and is used for communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's performance and capabilities?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can perform a variety of tasks such as making phone calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's design and architecture?	Oracle said: The object's design and architecture is typically sleek and compact.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function and purpose in the context of human activity?	Oracle said: The object's primary function and purpose in the context of human activity is to facilitate communication.
plane,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is in the sky.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object moves through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object is used to transport people and cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the sky.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object's structure is a fixed wing aircraft with a fuselage.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: That is not a correct guess.	Guesser said: What is the object's material properties?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: The object's origin is the earth.	Guesser said: What is the object's aerodynamics?	Oracle said: The object's aerodynamics are streamlined to reduce air resistance and drag.	Guesser said: How does the object function in its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's mechanical properties?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has movable parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose and function?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transporting people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is jet fuel.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an airplane. ?	racle said: Correct.
limousine,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is not just one.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is on land.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is composed of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in society?	Oracle said: The object's function in society is to provide transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is often found in a fleet of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure?	Oracle said: The object has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object's history is that it originated in the early 20th century as a luxury vehicle for the wealthy and powerful.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance?	Oracle said: It is often associated with wealth and luxury.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's performance?	Oracle said: A limousine's performance is generally comparable to that of a luxury car.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is gasoline.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in society?	Oracle said: The object's function in society is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is not a specific one.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.
thermostat,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is heating and cooling control.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to heating and cooling?	Oracle said: The object controls the temperature of a room by turning the heating or cooling system on or off.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the room?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's interface?	Oracle said: The object's interface is a set of buttons or a touch screen and sometimes a dial or a switch.	Guesser said: How does the object control the heating and cooling system?	Oracle said: The object controls the heating and cooling system by regulating the temperature and turning the system on or off as needed to maintain the desired temperature setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the heating and cooling system?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to regulate the temperature by controlling the heating and cooling system.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is not a characteristic that will help you guess what the object is.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a household?	Oracle said: The object's function in a household is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a thermostat.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability and maintenance requirements?	Oracle said: The object is moderately durable and has moderate maintenance requirements.	Guesser said: What is the object's structure and organization?	Oracle said: The object's structure and organization is typically a small.	Guesser said: What is the object's value and cost?	Oracle said: The object's value is its ability to regulate temperature and its cost can vary depending on the type and brand.	Guesser said: What is the object's history and development?	Oracle said: The object's history and development began in the 17th century with the invention of the first thermostat by Cornelius Drebbel.	Guesser said: What is the object's color and texture?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually white.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the heating and cooling system?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to regulate the temperature by controlling the heating and cooling system.
spacecraft,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and other materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of carrying people and or cargo to space.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in outer space.	Guesser said: How does the object carry people and or cargo to space?	Oracle said: The object carries people and or cargo to space by using a rocket propulsion system.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer?	Oracle said: The object's manufacturer is NASA.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object's composition is primarily metal.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object interacts with its environment by traveling through space and interacting with other celestial bodies such as planets.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight and density?	Oracle said: I am not going to give you any information about the object's weight and density.	Guesser said: How does the object accomplish its function of carrying people and or cargo to space?	Oracle said: The object accomplishes its function by using a combination of powerful engines and precise navigation systems to escape Earth's gravity and reach orbit or travel to other celestial bodies.	Guesser said: What is the object's environment?	Oracle said: The object's environment is space.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: The object's power source is solar panels and fuel cells.	Guesser said: How does the object's function of carrying people and or cargo to space relate to its environment of space?	Oracle said: The object's function of carrying people and or cargo to space is crucial to its environment of space.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a spacecraft.	Guesser said: How does the object's function of carrying people and or cargo to space relate to its location of being in outer space?	Oracle said: The object's function of carrying people and or cargo to space is directly related to its location of being in outer space.	Guesser said: What is the object's manufacturer and model?	Oracle said: I am not going to tell you that.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: The object's primary purpose is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition and structure?	Oracle said: The object's composition is mostly metal.	Guesser said: How does the object accomplish its primary purpose?	Oracle said: The object accomplishes its primary purpose by using a combination of propulsion systems.
