helmet,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Is it a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct!
microcomputer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It processes information.	What method does it use to process information, electronic, analog, biological, etc..	Oracle said: Electronic	Is it a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	What kind of information does this computer typically process?	Oracle said: It processes many kinds of information.	Does it have a more specific purpose than general information processing?	Oracle said: No	What type of computer is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of computer.	Is it a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Does it typically process images, numbers, words, geospatial, or another type of information?	Oracle said: Yes	Which type of information does it process, images, numbers, words, geospatial, or another type of information?	Oracle said: Numbers, words.	Is it a smartphone?	Oracle said: No	Is it a personal device?	Oracle said: Yes	Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It can be located in various places.	Is it a tablet?	Oracle said: No	Is this object smaller or larger than a laptop?	Oracle said: Smaller	Is this object smaller or larger than a phone?	Oracle said: Smaller	Is this object a phone?	Oracle said: No	Is this object smaller or larger than headphones?	Oracle said: Smaller	Who typically uses this device?	Oracle said: Anyone.	Describe the physical attributes of this device	Oracle said: It has a central processing unit, memory, and input/output devices.	What material is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Does it have a screen?	Oracle said: No	What year was it invented?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Is it a screen?	Oracle said: No	Is it primarily a communication device?	Oracle said: No	Is this a general-purpose technology?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a television?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a transponder	Oracle said: No	a	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Where is it typically worn? (hand, boby, legs, head, other, not worn)	Oracle said: Body	Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No	Is it a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
curtain,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide privacy and block light.	Is it blinds?	Oracle said: No.	Is it curtains?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Where is it typically worn? (head, hands, body, legs, other, not worn)	Oracle said: Body	Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Who typically wears this object?	Oracle said: People.	Is it a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No	Does it cover the full torso?	Oracle said: No	What parts of the body does it cover?	Oracle said: It covers the lower part of the body.	Is it pants?	Oracle said: No.	Is it underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.
pill,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for medicinal purposes.	Is it used for diagnostic or treatment purposes?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it used for diagnoses?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a type of treatment?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a type of medicine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it fever medicine?	Oracle said: No	Is it a pill?	Oracle said: Correct.
computer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It processes information.	What type of information does it process? visual, audio, word, geospatial, text, communication, other	Oracle said: Other	What size is it? (less than 1 ft cubed, about 1 foot cubed, about 2 foot cubed, greater than 2 foot cubed)	Oracle said: About 2 foot cubed	Is it a computer?	Oracle said: Correct.
container,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	What type of objects does it typically hold?	Oracle said: Many different types.	Where is it typically located?	Oracle said: It can be located in many places.	Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No	What size is it? (less than 1 ft cubed, about 1 foot cubed, about 2 foot cubed, greater than 2 foot cubed)	Oracle said: It can be any of those sizes.	Where is it typically located?	Oracle said: It can be located in many places.	Who typically owns it?	Oracle said: It depends.	What physical material is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Is it a basket?	Oracle said: No	Is it a bowl?	Oracle said: No	What is typically put in the object?	Oracle said: Many different things.	Is it a drawer	Oracle said: No	Is it typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Does it typically belong to an individual or shared between a housefold?	Oracle said: Shared.	How common is this object?	Oracle said: Very.	Is it typically used for papers, liquids, foods, people, clothes, other, all of the above?	Oracle said: All of the above	Is it a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a suitcase?	Oracle said: No	cede
bedpost,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It provides support.	What kind of support? emotional, bodily, construction, etc..	Oracle said: Construction.	Is it a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Where is this typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Is it a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Is it part of a room or an object in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a part of the construction of a room?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a wallboard	Oracle said: No	How large is it? (less than 1 ft cubed, about 1 foot cubed, about 2 foot cubed, about 3 ft, about 4 ft, about 5 ft, about 6 ft, greater than 6ft)	Oracle said: About 1 foot cubed	Is it only found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a footboard	Oracle said: No	Is it part of a bed	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a bedframe?	Oracle said: No	Is it part of the construction of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a bedpost	Oracle said: Correct.
xylophone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Is it an instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	What type of instrument? (woodwind, brass, strings, electronic, percussion, other)	Oracle said: Percussion	What type of percussion is it? (mallet, drum, other traditional, other nontraditional)	Oracle said: Mallet	Is it a xylophone?	Oracle said: Correct!
mound,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It can have many functions.	List a few of the functions of the object	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of many things.	What is the color of the object	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It can be located in various places.	How large is it? (less than 1 ft cubed, about 1 foot cubed, about 2 foot cubed, about 3 ft, about 4 ft, about 5 ft, about 6 ft, greater than 6ft)	Oracle said: It can be greater than 6ft.	Is it typically greater than 6ft?	Oracle said: No	How large is it typically?	Oracle said: It varies.	Is it typically found indoors or outdoors or both?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Is it found in nature, man-made, or both?	Oracle said: Both	Can this form naturally?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it a landform?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a waterfall?	Oracle said: No.	Is it mostly made of rocks?	Oracle said: No.	Is it mostly made of water?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a type of natural material?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a mineral?	Oracle said: No	What type of material is it? (animal product, mineral, plant product, other)	Oracle said: Other	Is it primarily composed of soil or sand?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it formed primarily by wind or water erosion?	Oracle said: No	Is it a sand dune?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a hill?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a material used in other things?	Oracle said: No	Is it a mound	Oracle said: Correct!
housecoat,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Where is it typically worn? (feet, legs, torso, hands, head)	Oracle said: Torso	Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No	Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No	What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No	Is it an undergarment?	Oracle said: No	Is it ethnic clothing?	Oracle said: No	Is it an apron?	Oracle said: No	Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Who typically wears it?	Oracle said: Anyone.	Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a robe?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No	Is it used for ceremonial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a type of robe?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it an academic robe?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a hospital gown?	Oracle said: No	Is it a housecoat	Oracle said: Correct
noose,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hang something.	Is it typically found indoors, outdoors, or both?	Oracle said: Both	What does it typically hang? (clothes, flag, other)	Oracle said: Other	Is what it hangs typically decorative, functional, or both?	Oracle said: Functional	Is what it hangs typically heavy?	Oracle said: Yes	What is the typical weight of something that it would hang?	Oracle said: It varies.	Where is it mounted? (ceiling, wall, or ground)	Oracle said: It can be mounted on a ceiling.	Is it a pulley?	Oracle said: No.	What industry typically uses it? (e.g. construction, home, gym)	Oracle said: No.	Is it the ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a crossbeam	Oracle said: No	What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of rope.	Is it rope?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a net?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a noose?	Oracle said: Correct.
housetop,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It provides shelter.	Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: On top of a house.	Is it a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it a sunroof?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a shingle?	Oracle said: No	Is it a rafter	Oracle said: No	What is it made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Is it a housetop?	Oracle said: Correct.
workstation,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	What type of work is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for a variety of work.	Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Who typically uses it?	Oracle said: Professionals.	Is it a type of electronic?	Oracle said: Yes	What is it used for? (calculcation, word processing, information processing)	Oracle said: Information processing	Is it a computer?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it portable?	Oracle said: No.	Is it primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No	Is it a modern computer?	Oracle said: Yes	What type of professional uses this?	Oracle said: Yes	Does it have a monitor, tower, and keyboard?	Oracle said: Yes	cede
bathtub,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of thre object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Is it a cup?	Oracle said: No.	What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Is it a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a bath?	Oracle said: Yes	is it a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.
goalpost,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark a scoring area.	Is it a goalpost?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Where is it typically worn? (feet, legs, torso, hands, head)	Oracle said: Torso, legs	Is it a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.
umbrella,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from rain.	Is it an umbrella?	Oracle said: Correct!
drum,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Is it an instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	WHat type of instrument? (woodwind, percussion,brass, string, electronic, other traditional, other non-traditional)	Oracle said: Percussion	What type of percussion? (mallet,drum,traditional other, non-traditional other)	Oracle said: Correct.
bandage,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a wound.	Is it a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct.
radar,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Where is this typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in various locations.	Is it radar?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To sweep.	Is it a broom?	Oracle said: Correct.
pool,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	What is it typically made out of?	Oracle said: It is typically made out of concrete.	Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Is it a birdbath?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a basin?	Oracle said: Yes	What is it used for? (decoration, washing, water retention, other)	Oracle said: Water retention.	Is it a moat?	Oracle said: No	Is it a pool?	Oracle said: Correct.
blowtorch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply heat.	Is it an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a stove?	Oracle said: No	Is it used for cooking?	Oracle said: No	What is it used for? (industry, decoration, beauty, utility, other)	Oracle said: Utility	Is it a heater?	Oracle said: No	Is it a boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Is it handheld?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a dryer?	Oracle said: No	Is it a blowtorch?	Oracle said: Correct.
condom,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections.	Is it a condom?	Oracle said: Correct.
pin,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple functions.	Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It can be located in many places.	Who typically owns this object?	Oracle said: It depends.	What is this object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Is it a computer?	Oracle said: No	Is it electronic?	Oracle said: No	Is it a type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it a pocketknife?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Who typically owns this?	Oracle said: Anyone.	Where would you find this tool used?	Oracle said: It can be used in many places.	Is it pliers?	Oracle said: No	Would it be found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No	Is it a scalpel	Oracle said: No	Is it a multi-tool?	Oracle said: No	Can it be found in a car?	Oracle said: No	Is it large or fixed in place?	Oracle said: No	c	Oracle said: Correct.
inkwell,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what it is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold ink.	Is it an inkwell?	Oracle said: Correct.
dagger,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what it is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting or stabbing.	Is it a knife?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a cleaver	Oracle said: No	Is it a pocketknife	Oracle said: No	Is it used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a bayonet	Oracle said: No	Is it a dagger	Oracle said: Correct.
lotion,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It moisturizes.	Is it lotion	Oracle said: Correct.
bib,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing from spills.	is it an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Where is this typically used?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Is it a bib?	Oracle said: Correct!
necktie,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object? 	Oracle said: To be worn.	Where is this worn? (feet, legs, torso, hands, neck, head)	Oracle said: Neck	Is this decorative?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a necktie?	Oracle said: Correct.
teapot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object? 	Oracle said: To hold liquids and pour them.	Is it a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Is it a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Does it have a handle and spout?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a teapot	Oracle said: Correct
towel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object? 	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Is it a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a washcloth?	Oracle said: No	Is it terrycloth	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
canvas,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object? 	Oracle said: It is used for art.	Is it a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No	What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: Yes	Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in art studios.	Is it a canvas	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object? 	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Is it electronic?	Oracle said: No	Is it a simple machine?	Oracle said: No	What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Is it a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No	Is it a Barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
spatula,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object? 	Oracle said: It is used for cooking.	What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Is it a handheld object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it used to stir or flip food	Oracle said: Yes	Is it a spatula?	Oracle said: Correct.
timer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Is it a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a stopwatch	Oracle said: No	Is it a wristwatch	Oracle said: No	Is it a timer	Oracle said: Correct.
wardrobe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	What is it typically made out of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Is it a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Does it have drawers?	Oracle said: No	Is it a wardrobe	Oracle said: Correct.
guitar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Is it an instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	What type of instrument? (percussion, woodwind, brass, traditional other, non-traditional other)	Oracle said: Traditional other	Is it an accordian?	Oracle said: No	Is it a string instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it a Banjo	Oracle said: No	Is it a guitar?	Oracle said: Correct.
helmet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for protection.	What profession is this object used in?	Oracle said: It is used in various professions.	Is it easy for me to hold and carry it in my hand?	Oracle said: It depends.	what is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Is the object worn or is it help in the hands for protection?	Oracle said: Worn.	What does it protect its wearer from?	Oracle said: It protects its wearer from potential harm.	What color is it?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Does it have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Does it cover the full body when it is worn?	Oracle said: No.	What body part does the object cover and protect?	Oracle said: The head.	Is it a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct
microcomputer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for a variety of tasks, including computation, communication, and entertainment.	Is it a mobile phone?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a personal computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it a desktop?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a supercomputer?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a microcomputer?	Oracle said: Correct
sweatshirt,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Where is the object generally found?	Oracle said: The object is generally found in a closet or on a person.	Is it a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Is it worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	why is it generally worn?	Oracle said: To provide warmth and comfort.	Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a woolen sweater?	Oracle said: No.	is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	is it a thermalwear?	Oracle said: No.	is it a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct
curtain,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how big is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for covering something.	where is it generally used?	Oracle said: It is generally used indoors.	What is usually covered using this object?	Oracle said: Windows.	Is it a curtain?	Oracle said: Correct
underwear,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Which body part is covered by it?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Is it a pant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Is it an underpant?	Oracle said: Yes	is it an underwear?	Oracle said: Correct
pill,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how would you describe the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It is generally found in a medicine cabinet or a pharmacy.	is it medicine?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a pill?	Oracle said: Correct
computer,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what color is the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a single color.	can i throw the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	how big is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	how heavy is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for processing information and performing calculations.	is it a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	is it a mobile phone?	Oracle said: No.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials, including plastic, metal, and silicon.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It can be found in many places.	how would you describe the object?	Oracle said: It is a machine that processes information.	is it a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	is it a computer?	Oracle said: Correct
container,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	is it commonly found in households?	Oracle said: Yes.	which room in the house is it generally found in?	Oracle said: It can be found in multiple rooms.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for holding things.	is it a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	is it a table?	Oracle said: No.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	what color is it?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	is it a vase?	Oracle said: No.	is it a glass?	Oracle said: No.	is it a container?	Correct.
bedpost,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of wood or metal.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	is it a bed?	Oracle said: No.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for support.	what does it support?	Oracle said: It supports something.	how big is it?	Oracle said: It varies.	what is the most uncommon place it is found at?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	is it a chair?	Oracle said: No.	is it a bedpost?	Oracle said: Correct
xylophone,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	can i carry it easily?	Oracle said: No.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It is generally found in places where music is played or taught.	is it a loudspeaker?	Oracle said: No.	does it produce music?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	are they drums?	Oracle said: No.	is it a cello?	Oracle said: No.	is it a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	what type of musical instrument is it?	Oracle said: It is a percussion instrument.	is it widely used in bands?	Oracle said: Yes.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and metal.	is it a xylophone?	Oracle said: Correct
mound,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	is it used to make music?	Oracle said: No.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	will it shatter if i drop it?	Oracle said: It depends.	can i carry it easily?	Oracle said: No.	how heavy is it?	Oracle said: It varies.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It can be used for various purposes, depending on its composition and context.	can you list some of its uses?	Oracle said: It can be used for burial, construction, or as a landmark.	is it a casket?	Oracle said: No.	is it a gravestone?	Oracle said: No.	does it have any particular meaning associated to it?	Oracle said: It can.	what would you describe its physical aspects and looks?	Oracle said: It is an elevated mass of material.	what is its most common use?	Oracle said: It can have various uses, depending on its composition and context.	is it manmade?	Oracle said: It can be.	can it be found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	how does it form in nature?	Oracle said: It can form through various natural processes, such as erosion, deposition, or geological activity.	is it a land feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	does it cause a depression or an elevation in land?	Oracle said: An elevation.	is it a mound?	Oracle said: Correct
housecoat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how is the object generally used?	Oracle said: The object is generally used for comfort and warmth, often worn indoors.	does it cover the whole body when it is worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a suit?	Oracle said: No.	is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	is it a jumper?	Oracle said: No.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	which season is it generally worn in?	Oracle said: It is generally worn in any season.	what time of day is it generally worn?	Oracle said: It is generally worn during the morning, evening, and night.	if you are to sell the object to me, how would you do that?	Oracle said: I would describe its features, condition, and price.	can you describe its features?	Oracle said: It is a long garment, often made of soft material, with sleeves and usually a belt.	is it a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	is it a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a housecoat?	Oracle said: Correct
noose,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what does the object do?	Oracle said: It can be used to constrict something.	what does it constrict?	Oracle said: A neck.	is it a turtleneck?	Oracle said: No.	who most often wears it?	Oracle said: It is not typically worn.	how does it constrict a neck?	Oracle said: It tightens around the neck.	how often is it used?	Oracle said: It depends.	when is it generally used?	Oracle said: It is generally used in situations involving a specific purpose.	what is the specific purpose which requires using it?	Oracle said: To end a life.	is it a noose?	Oracle said: Correct
housetop,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for shelter.	who uses it for shelter?	Oracle said: People use it for shelter.	when is it required?	Oracle said: It is required when it rains.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It is generally found on top of a building.	is it a rooftop?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	is it a housetop?	Oracle said: Correct
workstation,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is its general shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	is it easy to hold or carry?	Oracle said: No.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It is generally found in offices, studios, and other professional environments.	is it electronic	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for various tasks, including but not limited to, design, data analysis, and software development.	is it a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	is it a monitor?	Oracle said: No.	is it a screen?	Oracle said: No.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	what color is it?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	can you describe the object?	Oracle said: It is a computer.	is it a desktop?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a workstation?	Oracle said: Correct
bathtub,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for bathing.	how is it used for bathing?	Oracle said: It is used for soaking and washing the body.	is it a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct
goalpost,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is the object found?	Oracle said: The object is found on a field.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for a sport.	which sport is it used in?	Oracle said: It is used in American football and soccer.	is it a goalpost?	Oracle said: Correct
jumpsuit,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	what body part does it cover when worn?	Oracle said: It covers the torso and legs.	is it a pant?	Oracle said: No.	is it a jumper?	Oracle said: No.	is it a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct
umbrella,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is the object found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	is it naturally ocurring?	Oracle said: No.	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used to protect from rain or sun.	is it an umbrella?	Oracle said: Correct
drum,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	can you describe the object?	Oracle said: It is a musical instrument.	what type of musical instrument is it?	Oracle said: It is a percussion instrument.	is it a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	is it the drums	Correct.
bandage,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the object used for	Oracle said: It is used for covering wounds.	is it a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct
radar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is the object found?	Oracle said: The object is found in various locations, including on land, in the air, and at sea.	is it alive?	Oracle said: No.	is it used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for detecting objects.	is it a radar?	Oracle said: Correct
broom,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	where is it commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in homes.	which room is it generally found in?	Oracle said: It is generally found in multiple rooms.	is it a chair?	Oracle said: No.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning.	is it a mop?	Oracle said: No.	is it a broom?	Oracle said: Correct
pool,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how big is the object?	Oracle said: It can vary in size.	how heavy is the object?	Oracle said: The object is very heavy.	where is it found?	Oracle said: It can be found in various locations.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for recreation.	is it a sport?	Oracle said: No.	is it used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	is it naturally occurring?	Oracle said: No.	what does it do?	Oracle said: It is used for recreation.	how is it used for recreation?	Oracle said: People swim, play games, and relax in it.	is it a pool?	Oracle said: Correct
blowtorch,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is the object found?	Oracle said: The object is often found in workshops or on construction sites.	what kind of tool is it?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	how is it used	Oracle said: It is used to apply heat.	is it a heatgun?	Oracle said: No.	how is the heat generated by it used?	Oracle said: The heat is used for various tasks, such as melting materials, welding, or applying heat to a specific area.	is it a blowtorch?	Oracle said: Correct
condom,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is the object used for?	Oracle said: To prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections.	is it a condom?	Oracle said: Correct
pin,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is the object found?	Oracle said: The object can be found in various places.	how is it object used?	Oracle said: It is used to fasten things.	what is it made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	how is it used for fastening?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things together.	how heavy is the object?	Oracle said: It is not very heavy.	is it a rope?	Oracle said: No.	what kind of things are held together using it?	Oracle said: Clothing, papers, or hair.	is it a pin?	Oracle said: Correct
inkwell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how big is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	how heavy is the object?	Oracle said: It is not very heavy.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It is generally found on a desk.	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used to hold ink.	is it a inkbottle?	Oracle said: No.	is it an inkwell?	Oracle said: Correct
dagger,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where us the object foind?	Oracle said: It can be found in various places.	how big is it?	Oracle said: It is small.	what shape is it?	Oracle said: It has a shape that is typically long and pointed.	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used for stabbing or cutting.	is it a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a sword?	Oracle said: No.	is it a dagger?	Oracle said: Correct
lotion,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	describe physocal attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically a viscous liquid or cream.	is it an ointment?	Oracle said: No.	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is applied to the skin.	when is it used?	Oracle said: It is used when needed.	when is it needed?	Oracle said: It is needed when your skin is dry.	is it a lotion?	Oracle said: Correct
bib,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for catching food.	is it used for any particukar food?	Oracle said: Yes.	what particukar food is it used for?	Oracle said: It is not used for any particular food.	when is it used?	Oracle said: It is used during meal times.	is it a container?	Oracle said: No.	when is it generally used?	Oracle said: It is generally used during mealtimes.	how does it catch food?	Oracle said: It hangs in front of the person and catches food that falls.	is it a bib?	Oracle said: Correct
necktie,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is it found?	Oracle said: It is found on a person.	in what setting is it worn?	Oracle said: It is often worn in formal or professional settings.	is it a suit?	Oracle said: No.	what body part does it cover?	Oracle said: The neck.	is it a tie?	Oracle said: Yes	is it a necktie?	Oracle said: Correct
teapot,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used to hold and pour hot liquids.	is it a kettle?''	Oracle said: No.	what liquid is it used to hold?	Oracle said: Water.	is it a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	is it a household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it found in any particular room?	Oracle said: Yes.	what room is it found in?	Oracle said: It can be found in a kitchen.	is it used to make any particular drink	Oracle said: Yes.	what drink is it used to make?	Oracle said: Tea.	is it a teapot?	Oracle said: Correct
towel,2,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is it found generally?	Oracle said: It is generally found in bathrooms, kitchens, and at the beach.	is it a towel?	Oracle said: Correct
canvas,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	is it a household item?	Oracle said: No.	where is it generally found?	Oracle said: It is generally found in art studios, galleries, and homes.	is it a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for various purposes, often related to art or display.	is it a frame?	Oracle said: No.	is it a portrait?	Oracle said: No.	how is it used for art or display?	Oracle said: It is used as a surface for painting or drawing, or for displaying artwork.	is it a canvas?	Oracle said: Correct
barbell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for exercise.	which body part is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for multiple body parts.	is it a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used for weightlifting.	is it a barbel?	Oracle said: No.	describe the object?	Oracle said: It is a long metal bar with weights on each end.	is it a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct
spatula,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used for cooking.	where is it commonly found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	what is the most common thing cooked with it?	Oracle said: Eggs.	is it a vessel?	Oracle said: No.	is it a pan?	Oracle said: No.	how is it used for cooking?	Oracle said: It is used for flipping, stirring, and spreading food.	is it a spatula?	Oracle said: Correct
timer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	where is it found?	Oracle said: It can be found in many places.	describe its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It can have a display, buttons, and a casing.	is it a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	what is it used for?	Oracle said: It is used for measuring time.	is it a watch?	Oracle said: No.	is it a clock?	Oracle said: No.	is it a timer?	Oracle said: Correct
wardrobe,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	what does it do?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	what is stored in it?	Oracle said: Clothes are stored in it.	is it a cupboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	is it a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Correct
guitar,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	is it commonly played individually or is it played in symphony with other instruments?	Oracle said: It can be played both individually and with other instruments.	what kind of instrument is it?	Oracle said: It is a stringed instrument.	is it a guitar?	Oracle said: Correct
