abacus,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the tool?	Oracle said: To perform mathematical calculations.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide rule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a counting frame?	Oracle said: Correct.
accordion,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keyboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a melodica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a synthesizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accordion?	Oracle said: Correct.
album,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store audio recordings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a home or office setting?	Oracle said: Home.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record album?	Oracle said: Correct.
altar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ritual object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone altar?	Oracle said: Correct.
anchor,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the tool?	Oracle said: To secure a vessel to the seabed.	Guesser said: Is the tool an anchor?	Oracle said: Correct
anklet,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a manufactured object?	Oracle said: A manufactured object.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape like a sphere or a cube or an irregular shape?	Oracle said: Irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be durable?	Oracle said: I don't know.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal bracelet.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry worn on the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry worn on the ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry worn on the finger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry worn on the ankle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an anklet.	Oracle said: Correct.
anvil,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for shaping metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used with heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to shape metal by hammering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anvil?	Oracle said: Correct.
apron,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually sit on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ironing board cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect clothing from dust or dirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipcover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust cover for a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used specifically for protecting formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the inside of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect clothing during travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cloth used to cover a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect clothing while being cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dry cleaning bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes protector for painting or other similar messy activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: Correct
armchair,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the fabric?	Oracle said: It is not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an armchair?	Oracle said: Correct
armoire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of furniture is the object a part of?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet free-standing or built-in?	Oracle said: Free-standing.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the cabinet?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a tall cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store decorative items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used for storage of toys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet primarily used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have a mirror on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a tallboy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store items related to beauty or personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used in a home office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have glass doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store blankets and/or extra pillows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a medicine cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet contain shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a tall cabinet with shelves used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used for storage of linens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a storage cabinet for bedroom items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a lingerie cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have any special features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet store items like sweaters and/or folded clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a tall cabinet with shelves used to store folded clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.
armor,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of safety equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect against the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect against physical harm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of body armor?	Correct.
arms,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of flesh and bone.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of animal trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skeleton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an artificial limb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a projectile weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prosthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a whip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in surgery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a bludgeon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to defend something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger defense system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold up a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spiked barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to deter something or someone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to self defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cause damage?	Oracle said: Yes.
artifact,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a boulder used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone garden ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landscaping element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any functional purpose besides decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific	 commonly known name?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a water feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone paver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grave marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock used as a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative stone used to prevent erosion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone used in a fire pit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden edging stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pathway?	Oracle said: No
ashcan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in many different shapes and sizes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open or close something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container for small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal object used for holding other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the storage box primarily used for holding tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box used for holding food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box typically used for storing office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box used to store personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box typically used to hold hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box used in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal storage box used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.
ashtray,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape	 such as a cube or cylinder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually contain liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that might be found in a lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass ashtray?	Correct
asphalt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object long and relatively narrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a runway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The size can vary.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a public space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a recreational area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bike path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portion of a golf cart path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis court?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball court?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a racetrack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helipad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skate park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 paved area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large paved area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for loading and unloading cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a service road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaza?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a residential area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surface that could be found at a gas station?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the area around the gas pumps at a gas station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by pedestrians?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a driveway at a gas station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paved area for vehicle maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by many vehicles simultaneously?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a highway rest stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the area that vehicles use to enter and exit the gas station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portion of a gas station used for vehicle storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp for loading and unloading vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a gas station used for vehicle repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by delivery vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loading dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the storage of delivery vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxiway?	Oracle said: No
awning,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move or have the ability to move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a awning?	Oracle said: Correct
axe,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Chopping.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for a basketball hoop.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object painted white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backboard?	Oracle said: Correct
backpack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to contain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to store liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy production or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold or support weight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose related to the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure primarily for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stadium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an outdoor stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a signpost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.
bag,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Correct
bagpipe,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 fabric	 and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a park or playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of musical instrument is it?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object played by blowing into it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bagpipe?	Oracle said: Correct.
ball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be played with.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber.	Guesser said: Is it a ball?	Oracle said: Correct.
balloon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber or plastic.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balloon?	Oracle said: Correct
bandage,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a primary color.	Guesser said: What is the secondary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct.
bandanna,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What are the other colors of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windsock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find at a sporting event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move in the wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in navigation?	Oracle said: No.
banjo,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object an instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the instrument have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the instrument have a curved body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the instrument have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the instrument use a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the instrument use a mouthpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a banjo?	Oracle said: Correct.
banner,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: Correct
barbell,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbwire,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object edible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To act as a barrier.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent access to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object barbed wire?	Oracle said: Correct.
baseboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden serving tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an art canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden trivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plaque with a carved design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific function beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used to hold something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece from a wooden block set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger wooden construction set	 like Lincoln Logs or Tinker Toys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of a wooden chess set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in multiple	 similarly shaped pieces?	Oracle said: Yes.
basin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle used for cleaning products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storing or containing liquids for human consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative water feature	 such as a small indoor waterfall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the base of a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish with a built-in water reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cistern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to dental hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shampoo bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet brush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicine cabinet with a water feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washbasin?	Oracle said: Correct
basket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of woven material.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: Correct.
bassinet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a baby.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a changing table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassinet?	Oracle said: Correct.
bath,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean oneself.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Correct.
bathrobe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The entire body.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedding dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shroud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hazmat suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a burka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a straitjacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have long sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing made of a thick material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coverall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tyvek suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beekeeper suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lab coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a onesie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full body suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boiler suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a polar suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hazmat suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painter's suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snow suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flight suit?	Oracle said: No.
bathtub,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.
baton,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object natural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for art or craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or games?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowling pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf tee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a game played on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that uses a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a croquet mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game played on a field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a child's toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport that involves hitting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hockey stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool cue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lacrosse stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a puck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden paddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game with a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table tennis paddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport with a ball and a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a game played outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat striking surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to hit something that is on the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool cue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a croquet mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skee-ball stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinball flipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a game played with pins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a badminton racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stick used for a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a small	 hard object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a ball?	Oracle said: No
bayonet,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for recreation or a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used on a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife a pocket knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a hunting knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a bayonet?	Oracle said: Correct
bead,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: Correct.
beaker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object typically transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the glass have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the glass used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the glass a beaker?	Oracle said: Correct.
beanie,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What type of hat is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of hat.	Guesser said: Is the hat commonly worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a knit hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a beanie.	Oracle said: Correct.
bed,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Correct
bedding,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a bed?	Oracle said: It is larger than a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust ruffle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other materials	 besides fabric	 make up the object?	Oracle said: It does not have any other materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any embellishments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the patterns geometric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object often sold with other items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sold with pillows?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed in a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coverlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something someone would wrap themselves in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a receiving blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath towel?	Oracle said: No.
bedpan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To collect bodily fluids.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan?	Oracle said: Correct
bedpost,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural element of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger piece of furniture it is a part of?	Oracle said: Bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the frame of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden dowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a piece that connects the side rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed post?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Correct
bench,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a park bench?	Oracle said: Correct.
beret,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a winter hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beret?	Oracle said: Correct
bib,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric natural or synthetic?	Oracle said: It can be either.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To protect clothing from spills.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a bib?	Oracle said: Correct.
bicycle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	 rubber	 and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: Two.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
bifocals,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To correct vision.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it!	Oracle said: Correct.
bin,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some sort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a plumbing system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil used at the table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the structure of a building or room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for waste?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the waste container for a specific type of waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger waste management system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be sealed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the waste collected in the container hazardous in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a public space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object very large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically for recycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash receptacle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trash receptacle a part of a larger system of waste disposal?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object designed to contain the smell of the trash?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the receptacle covered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the receptacle often found in a park or outdoor public space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trash receptacle attached to something	 like a pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it emptied frequently?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal trash can	 commonly found in a public space	 and emptied frequently?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the receptacle have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the lid open automatically?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lid removable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 metal waste bin	 usually found inside a building?	Correct
binder,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a package?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a purpose beyond simply containing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: Correct
binoculars,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To see things that are far away.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: Correct.
birdbath,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: Correct.
blackboard,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with ink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to write by making a mark on a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of graphite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a special board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dry-erase marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use chalk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of chalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the chalk board?	Oracle said: Correct.
blacktop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a road.	Oracle said: Correct.
blanket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Correct.
blazer,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing outerwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the outerwear have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the outerwear a jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made primarily of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made primarily of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made primarily of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made primarily of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of a blend of materials?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What are the primary materials of the jacket?	Oracle said: The primary materials of the jacket are not relevant.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a bomber jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a blazer?	Oracle said: Correct.
blindfold,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of stockings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blindfold?	Oracle said: Correct.
blouse,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric primarily natural or synthetic?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory	 like a hat or a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt typically worn by men or women?	Oracle said: Women.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a blouse?	Oracle said: Correct
boa,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a skeleton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mammal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object live in the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have feathers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have scales?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reptile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a snake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a venomous snake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a constrictor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the snake native to North America?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the snake native to South America?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the snake a green anaconda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the snake a boa constrictor?	Oracle said: Correct
boat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 metal	 or fiberglass.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.
bobsleigh,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it propelled by human power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it move on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it use a track or path to move?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an external force to propel it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monorail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel over a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people up and down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a funicular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined route?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object self-propelled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by an external force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a theme park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a winter sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toboggan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a hill or mountain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sledding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a luge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry multiple people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bobsled?	Oracle said: Correct.
bodice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To shape the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To shape the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing meant to be worn by a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a waist cincher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a longline bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shapewear top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strapless bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing meant to be seen or hidden?	Oracle said: Hidden.	Guesser said: Is the clothing designed to be supportive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bandeau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a torsolette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a compression top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a waist trainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing designed for athletic use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a longline bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a shapewear top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a minimizer bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a body briefer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a waist cincher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the foundation garment a half slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any boning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object go over the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.
bonnet,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a winter hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bonnet?	Oracle said: Correct.
book,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To convey information.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookcase,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size	 relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is typically larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Correc
booklet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily illustrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a lot of numbers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a lot of images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an index?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a print out of something digital?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a report?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printout of a contract?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manuscript?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed document of meeting minutes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a resume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an email printout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a schedule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transcript?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain mostly words or sentences?	Oracle said: Mostly words or sentences.
bookmark,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically discarded after a single use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used in arts and crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in office work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wipe something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any writing on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookmarker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for marking a place in a book.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object colorful?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object mass-produced?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct
bookshelf,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Correct.
boomerang,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To return to the thrower.	Guesser said: Is the object a boomerang?	Oracle said: Correct.
boot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of footwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: Correct
bootie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the preparation of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sneakers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of dress shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.
bootlace,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of a ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be eaten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.
bottle,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laboratory flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing a liquid other than water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of liquid is typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: It can store many types of liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle for oil or vinegar?	Correct.
bow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for shooting.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the projectiles made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Correct.
bowl,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in a hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: Correct
bowtie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap intended to be worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a boa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap an ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a kerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neckerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap designed to protect the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wrap worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the decorative wrap very long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a choker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cravat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necktie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fashion accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular time period or style?	Oracle said: No.
box,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Correct.
bra,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support for a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support by being worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct
bracelet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object very large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: Correct.
braces,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To straighten teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object an orthodontic device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the orthodontic device a retainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the orthodontic device a type of bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the orthodontic device an expander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aligner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily metal or plastic?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Does the object use wires?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object braces?	Oracle said: Correct.
brassiere,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric synthetic or natural?	Oracle said: It can be either.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To support breasts.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct
breadboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To build and test electronic circuits.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metal components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular or square?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
breadbox,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage tin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the storage tin round or rectangular?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookie tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document storage box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain food items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bread box?	Oracle said: Correct
breastplate,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the torso from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit of armor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breastplate?	Oracle said: Correct.
brick,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: Correct.
briefcase,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothing item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Is it a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to clean the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to clean a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tool that is used to clean a house?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a broom?	Oracle said: Correct
bucket,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Rigid.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food or beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parts organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold other tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for something like screws or nails?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific kind of container designed for organizing and dispensing small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage box for small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic storage container specifically designed for storing and holding small parts or components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it something one would typically find in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it something one would find in a sewing kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically used to hold something that is meant to be used for a specific period of time and then discarded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in arts and crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold a collection of similar items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic container used for holding chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bucket?	Oracle said: Correct.
bugle,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have valves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bugle?	Oracle said: Correct
bullhorn,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or artificial?	Oracle said: Artificial	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to withstand the weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone or concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific sport or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for striking or impacting things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used on fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used on paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used on the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used on the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for creating something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have bristles or a brush-like component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have a sharp point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool part of a larger set or kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed for a specific purpose related to animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to art or crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for opening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to pest control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to apply a substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for exercise or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for handling or manipulating small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for photography?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the game of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: No.
burlap,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is burlap.	Guesser said: What is the common use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a grocery store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack used for potatoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport grain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover hay bales?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the process of harvesting a crop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a harvested crop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap tarp?	Correct.
button,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a zip tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a push pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: Correct.
cabinet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: Storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Correct.
camisole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a woven fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover furniture?	Oracle said: No.
cane,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's common use or function?	Oracle said: To assist with walking.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation or a manufactured item?	Oracle said: manufactured item	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children or adults?	Oracle said: Adults	Guesser said: Is the object a walking stick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.
canister,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for holding liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store things on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used to store cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used to store medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used to store tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal baking sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pot lid?	Oracle said: No.
canoe,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a residential setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat propelled by oars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: Correct.
canopy,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shelter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an awning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid frame or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: Correct
canteen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a naturally occurring material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made from a single material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific geometric shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to withstand the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an urban environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily a safety device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color scheme?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a park bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash receptacle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird feeder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a base?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the storage container designed to be fixed in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage shed?	Oracle said: No.
canvas,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be painted on.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical state?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of synthetic fibers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of hemp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric made of a natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: Correct
cap,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Correct.
capsule,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What are some of the colors?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the container is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the container transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the container?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Does the container hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a storage tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the container have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a disposable food container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a water cooler jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a gas can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a paint can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the container have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for storing or dispensing cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for storing or dispensing chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold liquid used for automotive purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold medicine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container a medicine cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a pill bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container for intravenous fluids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a specimen container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for administering medicine directly into the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container part of a larger medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container for storing or dispensing liquids for medical devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to apply a liquid to a body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to dilute medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used by a doctor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for something that the doctor applies to a patient's skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for something that the doctor injects into a patient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for medical instruments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in dentistry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container part of a diagnostic tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold or dispense liquids used to clean medical equipment?	Oracle said: No.
carafe,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishbowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for scientific experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger device or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass baking dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: Correct
cardigan,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: Correct.
carpet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I have guessed the object.	Oracle said: Correct.
carpetbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a clutch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a fanny pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a diaper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a dry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a travel bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a carry-on bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a weekender bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a toiletry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a packing cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a shoe bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a compression bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the travel bag a suit bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the bag made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have any closures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of closures does it have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a beach bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or carry food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.
carriage,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: Does the object use an engine or motor for propulsion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on public roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical capacity for passengers or goods? (Estimate if necessary)	Oracle said: It can typically carry multiple passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people between cities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods between cities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation within a city or town?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a school bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined route or schedule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a private vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry a large number of people at once	 greater than 7 people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pick-up truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports utility vehicle (SUV)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a minivan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a convertible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational vehicle (RV)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a police car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the transport of people or goods on a regular basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a public transportation network?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for business purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a government entity?	Oracle said: No
cart,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically pulled by another vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at construction sites?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a container portion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods on a rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dump truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods for a business?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport items over a long distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a harbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need a special license to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by a business?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial cart?	Correct.
cartwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rectangular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by the user's feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handlebars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pushed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bobsleigh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowing scull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a croquet mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curling stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a polo mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe paddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shuffleboard cue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game played on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long	 narrow shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to propel a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game involving hitting an object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metal parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fabric parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a sport played on grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No
cashmere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held or carried?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing object used primarily on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an accessory worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment worn around the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use beyond fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration or ornamentation	 but not as jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional aspect in addition to its use as clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn by people participating in a ceremony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bow tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cravat?	Oracle said: No
casket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for a burial.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffin?	Oracle said: Correct.
catalog,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the document a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a check?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a printout from a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper with information on it that is not used for writing	 reading	 or legal purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar page?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapping paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.
cauldron,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to containing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cooking pot made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cast iron skillet.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking utensil used to hold a food item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bowl used in cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal bowl a mixing bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a serving bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lip or rim for pouring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object sit flat on a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in cooking to contain food items while they are heated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a double boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bowl have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot used as part of a fondue set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to melt butter or chocolate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in restaurants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specialized function in cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cook a specific food item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cool things down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape that is important to its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to boil water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 specialized pot for melting something like butter	 used in the kitchen and part of a larger set of equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot used for cooking rice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a canning set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to pressure cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features or special additions on the inside?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to fit over a specific element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a set with other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally available in many different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for frying?	Oracle said: No.
ceiling,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling component?	Correct.
cello,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for holding things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: Correct.
cellophane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To package things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in a variety of sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is wider than it is tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamshell container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrink wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blister pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object sometimes contain liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often thrown away after being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable container for holding or carrying something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to package medical supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective covering for a product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a layer of plastic that covers a product to protect it during shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic film used to package or protect a product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it packaging tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic blister pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it stretch film?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it plastic sheeting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover and protect something from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover something that is outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover something inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in manufacturing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect products from dust?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect products from scratches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect products from static electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plastic sheeting used to protect something during painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plastic sheeting used for a specific purpose	 like covering a pallet of items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plastic sheeting used for a very specific use	 like a liner in a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it often used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it often used in a factory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect an object from damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used in the packaging of other items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect the product itself?	Oracle said: Yes.
cement,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a precast concrete item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a road or walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe or conduit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the foundation component a footing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete slab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of a tunnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building's foundation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reinforcement within the cement?	Correct.
chair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Correct.
chairlift,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than four wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mode of public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a driver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trolley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used for short distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zeppelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hang glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on a specific course or route?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a ski lift.	Oracle said: Correct.
chalice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the material the object is made of primarily metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thimble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for storing or holding something solid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid for a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object open and close?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container for fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape	 other than just a general container shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shape a disc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape a sphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape a triangle?	Oracle said: No
chalkboard,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dry-erase board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: Correct
chandelier,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to provide light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a filament?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light fixture part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light fixture found inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chandelier?	Oracle said: Correct.
chariot,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object primarily transport cargo	 rather than people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagecoach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amusement ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be pulled by one or two animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Conestoga wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by horses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a parade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buggy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for racing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sulky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry a driver and one or more passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chariot?	Oracle said: Correct
checkerboard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the board game chess?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the game played on a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the board game a type of checkers?	Oracle said: Correct.
cheeseboard,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving platter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden serving tray.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape	 other than rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden breadboard.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually placed on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden placemat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object varnished?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object stained?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any raised edges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden tray.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to present food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve cheese?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden cheese board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed the object.	Oracle said: Correct
cheesecloth,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strain liquids.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cloth a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a cheesecloth?	Oracle said: Correct
chessboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is square.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for displaying information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sort of design on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the design a repeating pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative square rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the design carved into the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the design painted on the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the design printed on the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the design applied to the wood using a decal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the design burned into the wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the design etched into the wood?	Oracle said: No.
chinaware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What materials are the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of chinaware.	Guesser said: What are the colors of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sugar bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative kitchen item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a salt shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a condiment holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece that is meant to be seen and admired?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an item of tableware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiered serving tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for presenting food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a casserole dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative candy dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tureen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a tea set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a unique shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an individual cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hot food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a formal dining set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a salad bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bread plate?	Oracle said: No.
chopstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: Correct
chute,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any particular material.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object used to move people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure designed to move things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guide rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide structural support to another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a system used for transporting materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a series?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chute?	Oracle said: Correct.
cleaver,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What material is the cutting edge made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to cut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the overall shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaver?	Oracle said: Correct
clipboard,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 metal	 and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of insulated pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a heated vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it heated gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a heated scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a heated jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of insulated socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing that is designed to be worn around the neck and shoulders for warmth	 but is not a scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hooded cloak?	Correct
clock,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object digital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: Correct
cloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object	 or has it been significantly altered by humans?	Oracle said: Altered by humans.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically large in size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single	 cohesive piece	 or is it made up of multiple components?	Oracle said: It is a single	 cohesive piece.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found near a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to utilities	 such as electricity or water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone or concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people interact with physically?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific	 designated location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an architectural feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be noticed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently touched by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment for exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to channel something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.
clothesline,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hang clothes on.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to withstand outdoor weather conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline?	Oracle said: Correct.
coat,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: Correct.
cobblestone,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of steps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single stone step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific	 defined shape beyond being made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornerstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paving stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone part of a larger pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone circular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an irregularly shaped paving stone used as a stepping stone in a garden path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone a part of a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone part of a walkway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the walkway a public sidewalk?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the walkway a private path?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone a flagstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone part of a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone a cobblestone?	Oracle said: Correct
coffeepot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is a part of used to produce something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a manufacturing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object conduct electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by someone working on electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a device that produces sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the coffee maker's grinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: No.
coffin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold papers or documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop or for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used for holding tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used for holding toys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used to hold sewing supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used to hold letters or stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used to hold photographs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used to hold valuables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used to hold spices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a cigar humidor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden memory box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the wooden box?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the wooden box have any compartments inside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box typically found in a study?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a wooden crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a bread box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box used in a shop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a storage box for board games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a keepsake box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden recipe box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something related to needlework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically kept on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.
cogwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To transfer rotational motion.	Guesser said: Is the tool a gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that generates electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a small hand tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a larger machine used in a factory or industrial setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that cuts or shapes other materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that mixes or blends materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that lifts heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine used in the manufacturing of textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a component in a printing press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that processes food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine used in the manufacturing of other gears or machine components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine that is primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine used to crush or pulverize materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine that is used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that sorts objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that distributes or dispenses something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine that is used to clean or remove waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is used for processing wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a component of a machine that is used for packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine used in the production of plastics or polymers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a component of a machine used in the production of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is part of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is used in the mining industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine used in the processing of raw materials into intermediate products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a component of a machine that performs repetitive tasks in a manufacturing setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear a large	 industrial-sized component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is automated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is part of used for assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is part of used for quality control or inspection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is part of used to apply labels or markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is part of used for the packaging of items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is used to sort small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is part of designed for the production of electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is a part of used to apply coatings or finishes to other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine it is part of used to create holes or perforations in other materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gear function in a machine that handles small	 individual parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gear function in a machine that dispenses small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is used for drilling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is involved in the production of food products?	Oracle said: No.
collage,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a 3D aspect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cutout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper snowflake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object mass-produced?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object framed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collage?	Oracle said: Correct.
collar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in a hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be outside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object undergarments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the accessory have a practical function beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object earrings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an armband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thimble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.
commode,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit and defecate.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a commode chair?	Correct.
condom,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To prevent pregnancy and the spread of sexually transmitted infections.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a condom?	Oracle said: Correct
cone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a solid material.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent	 translucent	 or opaque?	Oracle said: Opaque.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a manufactured block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an architectural feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a park or public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manufactured item designed to be placed on the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid geometric shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near or on a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road marking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a recreational area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garden or yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger	 man-made	 outdoor structure	 but not a building	 road	 or sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for guidance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the purpose of the object to support something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to utilities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a traffic system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific shape and size that is standard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is put in place?	Oracle said: Yes
container,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to contain liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container with a lid?	Correct.
copier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: What is the typical use or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies of documents or images.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a copier?	Oracle said: Correct.
copybook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.
corduroy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used for a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth a tea towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a table cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sheet?	Oracle said: No.
corkscrew,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To open bottles.	Guesser said: Is the object metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a corkscrew?	Oracle said: Correct.
costume,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a blindfold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a loincloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of underpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of long johns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have any function beyond just covering the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the clothing help with a physical task?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have symbolic meaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the symbolic meaning related to a particular group of people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have symbolic meaning associated with a particular event or time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a graduation robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedding dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mourning veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a costume?	Oracle said: Correct
cot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure	 like a building or a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat	 horizontal surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve to separate spaces or sections?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the base of a bed	 upon which the mattress sits?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support to the mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slatted bed base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hidden under the mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trundle bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the overall structure of the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden decorative piece for a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bench at the end of the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide any function other than to support the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any vertical parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed with wooden posts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed with wooden rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other function besides structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel for the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element associated with the bed	 but not part of the frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be used for storage	 although it does not have a drawer?	Oracle said: No
couch,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 fabric	 and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal a primary structural component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have padding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: Correct.
cowbell,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bell made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bell a ship's bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a church bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bell used for signalling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a school bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a door bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cow bell?	Oracle said: Correct
cradle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object open or close?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rolling pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an art object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the support structure part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the support structure the frame of a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rack of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure used to hold other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a tool shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wooden structure meant for a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wooden structure in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden instrument stand?	Oracle said: No.
crate,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden box a crate?	Oracle said: Correct.
crayon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: Correct.
crib,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a safe place for a baby to sleep.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Correct
crossbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to connect two or more points.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Rigid	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object conduct electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger transportation system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a highway system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a highway barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road sign support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guide wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure that provides support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steel plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a road divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bridge deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the side of a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steel sheet pile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a tunnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drainage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.
crossbeam,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the beam load bearing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of the roof structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rafter.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the beam visible from inside the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the beam decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of the floor structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a purlin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a ridge beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a collar tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a truss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a hip rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a valley rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a wall plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a header?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam an eave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a lintel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a ceiling joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a ledger board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of a pergola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of a carport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of a porch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam part of a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a timber beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a structural ridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a cantilever beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a fascia board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a blocking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a truss member?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof truss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a soffit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a subfloor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a wall stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the building's support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the beam have a specific function beyond structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the beam a post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timber frame beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the timber frame beam exposed?	Oracle said: Yes.
crossbow,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trebuchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catapult?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require the user to pull back on a component to launch a projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: Correct.
crowbar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to cut things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to dig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to break things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used by striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool use leverage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a wrecking bar?	Oracle said: Correct.
crutch,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To aid in walking.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prosthetic leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crutch?	Oracle said: Correct
cufflink,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten a shirt cuff.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.
cup,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic	 glass	 or plastic.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: Correct.
curtain,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Correct
cushion,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Can the object be folded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use in a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to a person?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be sat upon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: Correct.
dagger,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To inflict harm.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bladed weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife a hunting knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a kitchen knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a combat knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a pocket knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife designed for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific task the knife is designed for?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the knife primarily used by military personnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife primarily used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife used by professionals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife primarily used for self-defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife small enough to be easily concealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a switchblade knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folding knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fixed-blade knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife a stiletto?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a dagger?	Oracle said: Correct.
dart,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 metal	 and feathers.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primary function related to containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primary function related to writing or communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primary function related to movement or travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal adornment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that can move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object that might be found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp or pointed parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow and arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a ceremonial weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used for stabbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used for throwing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a dart?	Oracle said: Correct.
dashboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital display	 like a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display information in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the information displayed on the object permanent or changeable?	Oracle said: Changeable.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be written on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scoreboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display used in a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display that is used to indicate the price of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use magnets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object measure temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure speed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure the speed of wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure the speed of something that travels in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to airplanes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tachometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to trains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car speedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle speedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat speedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display that shows the speed of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object digital?	Oracle said: No
deadbolt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To secure something.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a padlock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically found on a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a deadbolt lock?	Oracle said: Correct.
decal,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for artistic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be various shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically single-use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for absorbing liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wrapping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cutout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper decoration for a holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece of origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gift tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is made of paper	 flat	 and disposable	 and used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable surgical drape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative paper banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative paper garland?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable food wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper place card?	Oracle said: No
deck,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for playing games.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck of cards?	Oracle said: Correct.
denim,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Denim.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Blue.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other prominent features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of denim leggings?	Correct.
denture,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a denture?	Oracle said: Correct
desk,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for work or activities.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: Correct.
diamond,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Carbon.	Guesser said: Is the object natural?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant or part of a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is clear.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the crystal a gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diamond?	Oracle said: Correct.
diaper,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cellulose.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of currency?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be easily bent or folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for hygiene purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: Correct
dice,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a cube.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often brightly colored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a die?	Oracle said: Correct.
dildo,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Sexual pleasure.	Guesser said: Is the object a sex toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a condom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dildo?	Oracle said: Correct.
disc,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recording?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phonograph record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video recording?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the recording digital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reel-to-reel tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio recording on a wax cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical form that is easily movable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floppy disk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiche?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a film strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Compact Disc?	Oracle said: Correct
dish,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a kitchen counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishrag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a rag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rag.	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cloth a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth a mop head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to clean a specific surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean computer screens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the towel a hand towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the towel a bath towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beach towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gym towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the towel a tea towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specialized towel for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the towel for your hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the towel used in a spa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the towel used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the towel a dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
doll,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function that involves electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a handheld object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a video game controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the toy require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the toy have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a game piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a fidget spinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a small plastic animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a type of water gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a slinky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a yoyo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a handheld	 plastic	 non-electric	 entertainment object for children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic clicker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic handheld instrument that makes a sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic toy car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic paddleball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic pinwheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a plastic doll?	Correct
doorjamb,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floorboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a molding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the molding decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding structural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding a chair rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding a crown molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding a picture rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding a shoe molding?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the molding simple in design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding part of a doorway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the molding an architrave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding a casing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding around the top of a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a panel molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an astragal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stop molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the molding a door jamb?	Oracle said: Correct
doorknocker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object for a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object for a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookend?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative spinning top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative birdcage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sound it makes a musical sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound it makes caused by the wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative metal sculpture that makes a sound when moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pendulum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound the object makes related to the mechanism that allows it to move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 decorative metal puzzle that makes a clicking sound when manipulated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you might find in a child's room?	Oracle said: No
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the nail used for joining wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the nail galvanized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a specialty nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to attach something to concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to attach something to drywall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a common nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in a specific type of construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail for outdoor use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to fasten wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in framing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in finishing work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in subflooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail part of the foundation of the building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a roofing nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a concrete nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a siding nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to attach sheathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to secure trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a common nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used with pressure treated lumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a finishing nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to secure siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to attach drywall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail made of bronze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used for flooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail a duplex head nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used for an interior purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used for exterior use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used for a temporary purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used on a roof?	Oracle said: No.
doorpost,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of trim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trim a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the trim a crown molding?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the trim around a door or window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trim a molding around a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the trim a molding around a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trim decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door jamb?	Oracle said: Correct
doorstep,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the larger structure a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger structure a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger structure a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an outdoor staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the staircase indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the staircase made of the same material as the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the secondary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for entering and exiting a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a threshold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stone threshold.	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent something from moving.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a door stop?	Oracle said: Correct
drape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any function beyond decoration and covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the other function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a place mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide privacy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object roll up or down?	Oracle said: Down.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheer curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object let some light through?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunscreen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window film?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to block views?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a privacy screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang from the top of the window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cafe curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object only decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the window itself	 rather than the surrounding wall?	Oracle said: No
drawers,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a type of cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Correct.
dress,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Correct
dresser,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What type of things does the object store?	Oracle said: Clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame with storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Correct
drum,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Making music.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Correct.
drywall,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasterboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the wall's finish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plaster relief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a hole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an element in a wall used for electrical outlets or switches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object applied to a surface to make it smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster skim coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster corner bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasterboard joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component used in applying other plaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster base coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object create a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster skim coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to repair a hole in a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover an opening in a wall	 and made of plaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fill a gap in the plaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a plasterboard installation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a smooth transition between two plasterboard sheets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plasterboard corner bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasterboard joint compound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hide the edges of plasterboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make the plasterboard fire resistant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plaster molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasterboard stop bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp or defined edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster corner bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasterboard edge protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasterboard trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for soundproofing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element applied to the plasterboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to finish the edge of a plasterboard?	Oracle said: No
dumbbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
dustbin,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I have guessed the object.	Oracle said: Correct.
duvet,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: For sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any padding or stuffing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body when it is being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on top of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep a person warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object filled with down or feathers?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object quilted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a set with other bedding items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into direct contact with a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seal of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent damage to an item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective pad of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the manufacturing industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a school setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an item of personal safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the ears?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an earplug?	Oracle said: Correct
earring,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primarily decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry an earring?	Oracle said: Correct.
easel,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation or consumption?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific purpose of the tool?	Oracle said: To hold a canvas or other artwork while the artist is working.	Guesser said: Is the object a painter's easel?	Oracle said: Correct.
envelope,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a envelope?	Oracle said: Correct.
eraser,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To remove marks.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil eraser?	Oracle said: Correct
eyeglass,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single solid piece	 or does it have moving parts?	Oracle said: It has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the primary purpose of the object to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific and defined function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create or manipulate other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sort of display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to oral hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying something to the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to shaving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to applying cosmetics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prosthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts that move relative to each other?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist with hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used on one's face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Correct
eyeglasses,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to see through?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the lens used for vision correction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the lenses eyeglasses?	Correct.
eyeliner,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply makeup.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply makeup to the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mascara wand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying eyeshadow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply eyeliner?	Correct.
eyepiece,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To magnify an image.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to look at things far away?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to look at things close up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the device primarily used for?	Oracle said: To view things.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the lens part of a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens part of a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens part of binoculars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens part of an eye-piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the eye-piece part of a telescope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the eye-piece part of a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific lens used in a telescope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used to view things far away?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used to view things close up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a focusing lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corrector lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a convex lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concave lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens designed to filter light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens used to magnify?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying lens in an optical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reticle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens used to see color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens a fresnel lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens for a spotting scope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used for targeting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens in a periscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collimating lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a camera obscura?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used for specific vision correction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens used to measure distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens used in scientific equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens for a spectrometer?	Oracle said: No.
faceplate,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover or protect something.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly interact with the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape to fit a particular part of the human body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that provides protection from harm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid or a cover for a common appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the appliance electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect against a physical impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for something electrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect from something like water or dust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the power grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for an electrical outlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a switch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the switch a light switch?	Oracle said: I am not a light switch.	Guesser said: Is the switch found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cover for a switch on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the switch cover rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal switch plate cover.	Oracle said: Correct.
fan,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioning unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to temperature control?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cool a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: Correct.
featherbed,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of natural materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of feathers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a down comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a feather bed?	Oracle said: Correct.
fedora,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing designed to be worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing designed to be worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing designed to be worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing designed to be worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a winter hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a fedora?	Oracle said: Correct.
feedbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be carried by hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a luggage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the bag primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: Is the bag a lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a cooler bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable sandwich bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a shopping bag provided by a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be carried over the shoulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a container for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable food storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag biodegradable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to hold ingredients for a meal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag sealed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag often thrown away after use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for storing leftovers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag need to be cleaned after each use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made from a single piece of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to store baked goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used at picnics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to hold a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to hold produce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a sandwich?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to hold pet food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag for snacks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for holding the bag of a loaf of bread?	Oracle said: No.
fiddle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tell time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuning peg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden drumstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plectrum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to strike the strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a violin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the body of the violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the fingerboard of the violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the sound post of the violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the bow of the violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the chin rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuning peg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the tailpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the f-hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the soundboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the endpin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the fine tuner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the purfling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a string holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the tailpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clip that attaches to the strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the bow holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the string itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the end of the strings that attaches to the tailpiece?	Oracle said: No.
figurine,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of a solid material.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a precious stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: Correct.
filter,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To remove impurities.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: Correct.
fishhook,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trap used for animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trap used to catch fish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trap a fish hook?	Oracle said: Correct.
fishnet,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to a human?	Oracle said: It can be larger or smaller.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the material the object is primarily made of commonly used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object regular or irregular?	Oracle said: Irregular.	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring	 or has it been modified by humans to achieve its current form?	Oracle said: Has been modified by humans to achieve its current form.	Guesser said: Can the object be used as a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or transport liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a natural environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a trade or profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or shape other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be attached to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct or control the flow of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger system or mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or engravings on its surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: Correc
flag,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific geometric shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a common piece of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct
flagstone,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for paving.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rough surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cobblestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a paving stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone made of granite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone made of brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone made of slate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone made of limestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the paving stone?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the paving stone?	Oracle said: It is rough.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone made of sandstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the paving stone a flagstone?	Oracle said: Correct
flask,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size	 relative to common objects (e.g.	 a car	 a book	 a house)?	Oracle said: A book.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Does the object typically interact with light in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly held or moved by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container typically found in a laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a graduated cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a test tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Erlenmeyer flask?	Correct.
floor,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for walking and standing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a solid material.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rectangular or square in shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a patterned surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object permanently fixed in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: Correct
flowerpot,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: It is made of a solid material.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object designed for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a flower pot?	Oracle said: Correct
flute,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Making music.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woodwind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: Correct.
flyswatter,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To kill insects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object sharp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fly swatter?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Green.	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a moss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a fruit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant grow in the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant a leafy green?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant spinach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant lettuce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant kale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a herb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of seaweed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a ground cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have flowers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a fern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant something that grows in a forest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant a vine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a conifer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have needles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of fern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a moss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have a distinct shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant a bush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a shrub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a climbing plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of ground cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of mushroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant provide shelter for animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have a smooth texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the plant have a specific use	 such as for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a wildflower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of fungus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a fern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have a strong odor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leaf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have multiple layers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant something you would find on the forest floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lichen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of mushroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of algae?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant play a significant role in the ecosystem?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant something that is often stepped on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant considered rare?	Oracle said: No
folder,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have text or images on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folder?	Oracle said: Correct.
footboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It provides support.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily horizontal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that sits on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall-mounted item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to hold or support something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often have a cushion on top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is stepped on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often have things placed on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve an architectural purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden decorative molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a game or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is fixed to the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden accent piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component used for a specific hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a model?	Oracle said: No.
footlocker,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily horizontal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an antique trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the trunk used for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trunk made of multiple materials	 like wood and metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a steamer trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the trunk a storage trunk for a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the trunk have a flat top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trunk a footlocker?	Oracle said: Correc
footplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a stable surface for the foot.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single	 solid piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of stone or concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paving stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure for a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically part of a garden or landscaping feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a transportation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building's entrance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a threshold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often come in a series or group?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of playground equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often have a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portion of a walkway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the walkway made of brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the walkway made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the walkway made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the walkway made of gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the walkway made of tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the walkway made of asphalt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No
footrest,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone or a stone-like material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric or a fabric-like material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a shelving unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a couch or sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a standing mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a kitchen counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for something that is on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drafting table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal or wood?	Oracle said: It is not primarily made of metal or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of particle board or a similar composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific piece of furniture designed to hold a TV or other electronics?	Oracle said: No.
footstool,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made in part of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a surface for people to sit on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object store things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: Correct.
forceps,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cut things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fidget spinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve magnets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nutcracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind up toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 handheld	 manual tool with moving parts made primarily of metal	 and not used for opening	 cutting	 measuring	 or personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand crank flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tweezers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small manual egg beater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 hand-cranked music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 manual	 hand-operated grinder (like for spices)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch winder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld hole punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 manual	 hand-operated pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld rivet gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld paper shredder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual egg beater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small manual can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small handheld stapler?	Oracle said: No
fork,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for eating.	Guesser said: Is it a fork?	Oracle said: Correct.
futon,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sectional sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a garden statue.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the statue of a person or animal?	Oracle said: Animal.	Guesser said: Is the statue a gargoyle?	Oracle said: Correct
garter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold one specific thing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a wall or other structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to hold clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a window treatment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a specific item of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pants hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a specific piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold a singular piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative	 fabric-based holder for gloves?	Oracle said: No
gauze,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be inflated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a groundsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective covering for a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective wrap for something being stored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be durable and resistant to the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flexible	 protective covering used to shield something from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flexible	 protective covering that is thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical context?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical dressing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the medical dressing a thin	 flexible material that is adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the medical dressing a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the medical dressing a pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object medical tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gauze?	Oracle said: Correc
gavel,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for creating art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to make sounds in a percussive manner?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drumstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the head of the tool made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the head of the tool?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the tool a block of wood used in a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to strike another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to strike the keys of a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to strike a surface to level it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gavel?	Oracle said: Correct.
glasses,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the process of creating things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glasses?	Oracle said: Correct.
goalpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To mark a location.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal the object is made of ferrous?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a survey marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a street sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a property marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manhole cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a historical marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of public art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boundary marker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal sculpture used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal post used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal fence used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker buoy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an obelisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal gate used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and vertical.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pole used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of metal railing used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pylon used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sign post	 marking a boundary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cable used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal sculpture used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pipe used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of metal wall used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal stake used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal archway used to mark a boundary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal barrier used to mark a boundary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal traffic barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal security barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal construction barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bollard used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal fence used to mark a boundary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal gate used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal handrail used as a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No
goblet,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a drinking glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wine glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a laboratory beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a drinking glass used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fish tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object opaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a liquid for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for a liquid in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of drinking glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a beer glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a highball glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shot glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a glass used for cocktails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a glass used for juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a glass used for milk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a glass used for soda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the glass a specific shape or style?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the glass?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the glass plain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the glass decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a colored glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the glass clear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the glass etched?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the glass have a design on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the glass a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a goblet?	Oracle said: Correct.
goggles,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect something or someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of protective gear used in sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouthguard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sports goggles?	Correct.
gondola,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel or electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a city or more rural environment?	Oracle said: Commonly found in a city.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object run on tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object utilize a track or rail system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light rail vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a funicular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevated train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the track or rail system located above ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monorail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by gravity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the track or rail system embedded in the road surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move people up or down a hill?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cog railway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry people over a significant distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola lift?	Correct.
gown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.
grater,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To shred food.	Guesser said: Is the object a cheese grater?	Oracle said: Correct
grout,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a precast concrete object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a building's exterior?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a cement mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific	 functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of cement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found outside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an interior wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement paver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement subfloor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement base for something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement shower base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the bathroom floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small cement feature on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement drain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object directly related to the floor's structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement underlayment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement threshold?	Oracle said: No
guitar,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Making music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: Correct.
gunnysack,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: The primary material of the object is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be seen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sack used for agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a burlap sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a burlap sack.	Oracle said: Correct.
gurney,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temperature regulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open or close something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plumbing fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or is it primarily decorative?	Oracle said: It has a specific function.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a machine used in a hobby setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a medical device used for diagnosis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a medical device used for treatment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal component of a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical implant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used externally on a patient?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist with mobility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crutch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walker?	Oracle said: No.
hacksaw,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a human hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require significant force to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw a hand saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a steel hand saw.	Oracle said: Correct.
hairbrush,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger device or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairnet,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a grooming tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to cut hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a professional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cutting hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to *hold* hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to style hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to keep hair out of a person's face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used wet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair net?	Oracle said: Correct
hairpiece,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct
hairpin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal	 plastic	 or wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairpin?	Oracle said: Correct.
handbag,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag?	Oracle said: Correct.
handcart,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to carry many people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have handlebars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have pedals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle require the user to stand while operating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a cart?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cart pulled by an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart pushed by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cart used in a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used to move material around a worksite?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cart a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used to move tools around a worksite?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart for moving bricks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used by a mechanic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used to move luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used to transport medical supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used by groundskeepers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart a hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used to transport goods on a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cart used in a warehouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cart a pallet jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cart have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the cart have a bed?	Oracle said: No.
handlebar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long and thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the frame of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect two other parts of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspension component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the steering system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a link in the steering system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitman arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the linkage between the steering wheel and the wheels?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a drag link?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the steering knuckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the steering column?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering shaft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object directly connected to the steering wheel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a universal joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the steering gear box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the steering column that connects to the steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have threads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tube?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the steering column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the steering linkage that is protected from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the steering system that is exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the system that connects the steering wheel to the wheels	 but is not the steering wheel itself	 nor the steering column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component that allows the wheels to pivot for steering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found under the hood of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found inside the vehicle's cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily cylindrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object directly involved in the mechanical connection between the steering wheel and the wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trim piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.
handsaw,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object hand-held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of saw is it?	Oracle said: I am not a type of saw.	Guesser said: Is it a tool used in carpentry?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: Correct.
hanky,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory something to help hold clothing in place or enhance its appearance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the accessory serve a utilitarian purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Correct.
harmonica,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primarily functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to manipulate other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to apply pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a household object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for crafting or creating things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed for a specific industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component in a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something that is designed to be assembled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to withstand high temperatures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something that produces something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to extract something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool help to join other things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the refining of raw materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with the production of energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed for precision work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to maintain or repair other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of other tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object simple in design?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a part of something that is disassembled and assembled frequently?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.
harp,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To hunt.	Guesser said: Is the tool a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a bladed weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to launch projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to hunt animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require ammunition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object utilize the force of a spring to launch projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a lever to launch projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hand-held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be thrown by hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blowgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hunting spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: Correct
harpsichord,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the furniture typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise when the moving parts are used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stringed instrument a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sound hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument held on the lap to be played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument smaller than a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a double bass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a harp?	Oracle said: No.
hatbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organizing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for storing small items	 like office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain anything else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a core for something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a consumable product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the arts and crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a gift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for yarn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a core for toilet paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a core for paper towels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a powder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a core for wrapping paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain an adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for seeds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for crayons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for pencils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for pens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a granular substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a fibrous substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a coiled item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for beads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for paintbrushes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for knitting needles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for straws?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a solid	 non-granular food product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a roll of tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a core for aluminum foil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a core for plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for stickers?	Oracle said: No.
hatchet,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate length in inches?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in woodworking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade that tapers to a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spokeshave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a hammer or mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carving knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a froe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade that is wider than the handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: Correct.
headband,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a headband?	Oracle said: Correct.
headdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of material.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function other than being worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical function other than decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hair pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fascinator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hair comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of feathers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of precious stones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be a single piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elaborate hair accessory that includes pearls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made partially from plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with royalty?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made with any form of jewels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily white in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made partially from cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually associated with weddings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often seen on members of the royal family?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often paired with feathers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of velvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach directly to the hair	 or is it held in place by something else?	Oracle said: It is held in place by something else.	Guesser said: Is the object a head covering that is attached to a barrette or comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a headband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillbox hat?	Oracle said: No
helmet,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single solid piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct.
highchair,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a safe place for a baby or toddler to sit while eating.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: Correct.
highlighter,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or contain something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the marker a dry erase marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the marker a permanent marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the marker a highlighter?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handled by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.
hoe,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To dig.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the metal part of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wood part of the object a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object attached to the handle at a right angle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part sharp on one side?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the metal part of the object called?	Oracle said: Blade.	Guesser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the blade wide or narrow?	Oracle said: Narrow.	Guesser said: Is the blade longer than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hoe?	Oracle said: Correct.
holster,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a holster?	Oracle said: Correct
hoopskirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory made of a soft fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the accessory part of a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a handbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory related to a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory related to a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment designed to lift the breasts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory made of a synthetic fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory made of lace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a petticoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the accessory provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a garter belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bandeau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.
horn,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object exist in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the Earth's atmosphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a product of a volcano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an organic compound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of land formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in the ocean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in deserts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fungus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a material found in the soil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weather phenomenon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of microorganism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of precipitation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the sky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of terrain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fossil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ecosystem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas emitted by a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of geological feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a non-metallic mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an astronomical object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of erosion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of landform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a product of weathering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a particle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a state of matter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a naturally occurring phenomenon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a forest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a non-living thing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.
horseshoe,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used with a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a thumbtack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the tool a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a cotter pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a horseshoe?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by adults or children?	Oracle said: Adults	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: Correct.
hourglass,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hourglass?	Oracle said: Correct.
housecoat,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the clothing designed to be worn on?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat typically worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a pea coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a wrap coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a robe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the robe?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the robe worn in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the robe worn for lounging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a housecoat.	Oracle said: Correct
housetop,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the exterior of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shingle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board used for siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support for the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden trim piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the internal structure of the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of the external surface of the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden soffit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden fascia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden element used to hold up the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a wooden porch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative roof element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object treated with any chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post supporting a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wooden shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the exterior of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object curved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object triangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden gable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden piece of siding	 triangular in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden element associated with a chimney?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support for something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden element used to add support or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a single piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from multiple pieces of wood assembled together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a group of wooden elements placed together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a decorative capacity?	Oracle said: No
hubcap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a generally fixed position?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect property?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a transportation system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object assist in the safe movement of vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speed bump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal barrier used to direct traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an electric grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal part of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a power line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal part of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drainage grate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a railway system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bollard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal structure used in aviation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object aid in the safe passage of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the distribution of energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of heavy machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the exploration of space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a communication tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a pipeline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle repair system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in auto repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in aircraft repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in shipbuilding repair?	Oracle said: No.
icebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking implement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container that is not a cooking implement	 refrigerator	 or a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage container used for things like nails	 screws	 or other small hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage container used for storing tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is used to store medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a first-aid kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for storing ammunition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an outdoor setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cash box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is designed to hold things for long periods of time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be airtight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookie jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain something that has value?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used for holding small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used for holding large amounts of a single item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a home or office setting?	Oracle said: Home.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal waste basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea caddy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for storing dry goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative container	 intended to be viewed?	Oracle said: No
icepick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for prying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with construction or repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hobbies or crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set of tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for manipulating small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a car or vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten or unfasten something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized key for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pick used for an instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pick used to remove something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pick used to open something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pick related to a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pick used in dentistry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pick used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pick used for mining or extracting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pick used for removing a small piece of debris?	Oracle said: No.
inkwell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a transparent quality?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a test tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape other than a general geometric shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of equipment or machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or patterns on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained-glass object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candy dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to be closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass cookie jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass container for spices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass container for storing jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass candy jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metal parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass terrarium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass lantern?	Oracle said: No.
jacket,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of down or feathers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fleece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
jar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: Correct.
jewel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn as an adornment.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a mineral.	Guesser said: Is the mineral a gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the gemstone?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a diamond?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone clear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the gemstone?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the gemstone have a shine to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone faceted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone used in a ring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an emerald?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a ruby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a sapphire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an Opal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the gemstone?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: Does the gemstone have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of mineral is the gemstone?	Oracle said: I am not a mineral.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone made of a mineral?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a pearl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an amethyst?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a garnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a topaz?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a pair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the finger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone clear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone translucent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone iridescent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a moonstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a jade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone opaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a quartz?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone used in a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belly button ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toe ring?	Oracle said: No.
jigsaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to write or draw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle part of the wooden structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a different material than the rest of the tool?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby or a craft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific sport or game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of a person's hands to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model-making tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a repetitive	 manual task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knitting needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a crochet hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for a game that involves skill?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cue stick for billiards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in a game played on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play a game outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the game a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a game that involves hitting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the game competitive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move other objects to play the game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the game a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden puzzle piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game played on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a pin used in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a dice shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the game a dice game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to manipulate other objects in the game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a component of a dexterity game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the game require the use of other tools or components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the game rely on the object's weight or balance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the game a solitaire game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spinning top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a domino?	Oracle said: No
jug,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent or translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained-glass object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for scientific experiments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative water feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass used in a building's design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass used for a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulator for electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block used for light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container in a public space for water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden water feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's exterior design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass insulator for power lines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a scientific instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass building block?	Oracle said: No.
jumpsuit,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: The entire body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the clothing offer protection from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against sun exposure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full body garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by someone who is working?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have long sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct
kayak,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the boat made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the hull of the boat made of fiberglass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used in the construction of the hull?	Oracle said: Plastic	 fiberglass	 or composite materials.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat motorized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by human effort	 such as paddling or rowing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a kayak?	Oracle said: Correct
kazoo,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the toy have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a model of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy primarily electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy meant to be thrown or launched?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a handheld game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a fidget spinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a kazoo?	Oracle said: Correct.
kerchief,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or cover the head or neck.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the head does the object cover?	Oracle said: Head.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is square.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ties or fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerchief?	Oracle said: Correct
kettle,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Correct
kettledrum,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for commercial use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine or part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold or contain something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the percussion instrument a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the drum a snare drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the drum a bass drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the drum a timpani?	Oracle said: Correct
key,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool typically used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool typically used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool typically used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool typically used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to build things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to open or close something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: Correct.
keyhole,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow something to pass through.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal mesh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sieve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an HVAC system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal stencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eye of a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metallic screen door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyhole?	Oracle said: Correct
kilt,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kilt?	Oracle said: Correct
knapsack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically propelled by wind or human power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be lifted or carried by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container designed to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to carry sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed for carrying groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be carried by a strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to carry luggage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag specifically designed for carrying a single type of object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be carried over the shoulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a travel backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag collapsible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a camping pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed for the transport of personal belongings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag typically used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag often used by hikers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a hiking backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to carry a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.
knickers,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for work	 or for fashion/leisure?	Oracle said: For fashion/leisure	Guesser said: Is the object considered formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object considered to be pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants tight-fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants flared?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants athletic wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants considered to be casual wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants wide-legged?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants straight-legged?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a specific style often worn by women	 such as capri pants or gauchos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a specific style often worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a popular style of pants?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants khaki pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants corduroy pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a type of trouser used in a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Are the pants black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color are the pants?	Oracle said: I am not a pair of pants.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in multiple colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants a solid color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants light in color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the pants dark in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants grey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a neutral color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants an earthy color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a vibrant color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants pink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants yellow?	Oracle said: No.
knife,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Correct.
knuckles,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Bone.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a human artifact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a prosthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical implement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious artifact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eating utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of artwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal artifact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in a specific profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal care item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to the human skeletal system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any association with death or burial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a structure built for human use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this equipment used for sport or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a scientific context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the equipment related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the equipment used to protect a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the equipment part of an animal's equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific tool used in an unusual context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to process something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that would be carried?	Oracle said: Yes.
lace,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten or decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sequin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any adhesive on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tassel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object yarn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment's trim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trim decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object lace?	Oracle said: Correct
lantern,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: Correct.
lapel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific purpose beyond being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for something specific in a sport or hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a performance or show of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fashion accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wrap of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece for a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function beyond decoration and being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing worn primarily for fashion	 and not for any specific function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a formal setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cravat?	Oracle said: No
latch,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to monitor something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help to deter theft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help to alert someone to an issue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to prevent unauthorized access?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the deadbolt of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strike plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security chain for a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the frame of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm system sensor on a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the locking mechanism on a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cylinder lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the internal components of a mortise lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a magnetic door lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the latch of a door?	Correct.
leash,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To restrain or control an animal.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Can you name one of the materials it is made of?	Oracle said: Rope	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: Correct.
lens,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To focus light.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: Correct
leotard,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the clothing worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bodysuit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit meant to be worn alone	 without additional clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit made of spandex?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit typically worn for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit a leotard?	Oracle said: Correct
lever,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to cut things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for applying force in a repetitive way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for prying things apart?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a crowbar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to open something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a lever?	Oracle said: Correct.
linen,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Linen.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a flat sheet.	Oracle said: Correct.
linoleum,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a textile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object installed as a single piece or in multiple pieces?	Oracle said: In multiple pieces.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in bathrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally square or rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tile glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile made of vinyl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile made of porcelain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a specialized type of tile used to create a certain aesthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a type of floor tile that can be used in a variety of settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tile a solid color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a standard shape	 like hexagon	 octagon	 or arabesque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile an irregular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a standard size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the tile the shape of a rectangle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tile made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile used on walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a type of luxury flooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate another form of tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to simulate a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tile have a pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pattern on the tile a repeat pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tile made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laminate floor tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a luxury vinyl tile (LVT)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pattern of the tile a solid color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a patterned tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile designed to look like other items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tile a vinyl tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a porcelain tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tile a type of patterned tile?	Oracle said: No
lipstick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To apply color to the lips.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various chemicals and pigments.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: Correct.
locket,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold small objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin bank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 decorative metal box for holding trinkets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snuff box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cigarette case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative box used to hold stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative box used to hold sewing supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative box for holding pens and pencils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an urn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trinket box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antique match safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a locking mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 decorative metal box with a lock	 designed to hold valuables like jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box for holding a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal box used for storing and securing medications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antique metal casket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cash box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal box used to secure documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antique metal box designed to hold important papers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box used to hold tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal document box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used to hold money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea caddy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tackle box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tobacco humidor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used to hold a sewing kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box for storing photographs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tool box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal food container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal first aid kit?	Oracle said: No
loincloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: I don't know.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep something warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something one might wear to keep themself safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn for fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pad of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar stay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cuff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fastening mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.
longboat,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the boat's design?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for carrying cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat propelled by paddles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a gondola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat long and narrow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a scull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily used on lakes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used in rivers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a pointed bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a punt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a dory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a flat stern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a skiff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a racing shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat typically used on a river for tourist purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for rescue purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a coracle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used to cross a river?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a punt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a longboat?	Oracle said: Correct
longbow,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bow.	Oracle said: Correct.
lotion,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any single material.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in a person's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to interact with a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is eaten or drunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help in the creation or handling of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-use item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in various colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to oral hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for applying something to your body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a deodorant stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of lotion?	Correct.
loveseat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primary function related to sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object recline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: Correct
lumber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used in construction.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plywood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden plank treated?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the plank a standard dimension?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the plank used on the exterior of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used on the interior of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used in landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a form for concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the subfloor of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used in the construction of a shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the walls of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the roof of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the floor of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the door of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the framework of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a shelf in the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used in the shed to hold up tools or equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to create a small walkway leading to the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a temporary structure related to the shed	 like scaffolding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a decorative element of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for a non-structural purpose in the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of an internal divider or wall inside the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to create a small ramp or step up into the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the construction of a storage bin inside the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to help support the shed's roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for a small bench inside the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a part of the shed's foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to keep the door of the shed open?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a small animal shelter built inside the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for a small table inside the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to create shelving attached to the interior walls of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to create a small set of steps leading up to the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a part of a potting bench inside the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used as a brace on the inside of the shed?	Oracle said: No
magazine,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flat and rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recording information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbag,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of bag is it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag small enough to fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be carried on a person's back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag reusable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag often used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag primarily used by students?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a travel document holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a mail bag?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To receive mail.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 in general terms (e.g.	 small	 medium	 large)?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the sail made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the sail?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the sail have any specific markings or patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sail used on a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sail white?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a white sail.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the specific purpose of the sail?	Oracle said: To catch the wind.	Guesser said: Is the sail used on a ship or a smaller boat?	Oracle said: It is used on a ship or a smaller boat.	Guesser said: Is the sail used on a racing vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sail part of a ship's main propulsion system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sail old?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sail a modern design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sail a triangular shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a jib sail.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the sail a square sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sail attach to a boom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sail a mainsail?	Oracle said: Correct
mallet,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to strike?	Oracle said: It is used to strike.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
mandolin,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have frets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: Correct.
manger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose within the larger structure?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden silo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a beehive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden feeder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific use in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a commercial kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden platform for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden serving platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden dining table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden food display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chopping block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a butcher shop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden food scale?	Oracle said: No.
map,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for navigation.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: Correct.
marionette,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood	 fabric	 and string.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a puppet.	Oracle said: Correct.
mascara,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size range?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container's primary purpose to hold a single serving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower caddy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicine container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing or dispensing liquids related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for makeup?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup brush holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of nail polish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of lotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for shampoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for mouthwash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for shaving cream?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for hair gel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for Q-tips or cotton swabs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for contact lens solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding makeup remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for perfume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for a specific type of cosmetic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a container for lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for eyeshadow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for mascara?	Correct.
mask,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a framed picture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collectible item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that hangs on the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that would be found in a game room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that might be on display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object valuable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a souvenir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration for the inside of a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that could be found in a waiting room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you would find in a museum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a exhibit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diorama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an exhibit?	Oracle said: No.
mast,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a forest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a power pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an outdoor seating structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any function beyond support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden train track trestle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden building frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden part of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden section of a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support for an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden component of a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden signpost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden structure that supports a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden structure that provides shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden arch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an obelisk?	Oracle said: No.
mat,x,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Correct.
matchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is various colors.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: Does the object have any text on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the text a story?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the text printed on the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the text an advertisement?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the text contain information about the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically discarded after use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cereal box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object packaging for a product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine page?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific date on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the text a list of ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a raffle ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for something other than food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a gift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a product that is not food or a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a candy wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cigarette pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a package for medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a small	 non-food item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a cosmetic product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a hardware item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a writing utensil	 such as a pen or pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for an electronic item?	Oracle said: No.
matchbox,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to hold small objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box plain or decorated?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to hold tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for mailing or shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used to hold office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a toy box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a keepsake box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box designed for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing letters or documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box designed to hold sewing supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing crafting supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a wooden pencil case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box for storing tea bags?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to hold stamps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing small hardware items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box designed for storing fishing tackle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a wooden tissue box holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a wooden spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store playing cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store essential oils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box for storing matches?	Oracle said: Correct.
mattress,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric and springs.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: Correct.
maypole,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used in a celebration.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically lit on fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure temporary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure associated with a specific holiday?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure used on the Fourth of July?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure used during Christmas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure associated with the celebration of a birthday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure used during Halloween?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure associated with the celebration of Thanksgiving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure associated with Easter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure associated with a wedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure a bonfire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure related to the New Year?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure a giant kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure a pi??ata?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically constructed and used on a single day?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the structure have any connection to a specific community?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure a Maypole?	Oracle said: Correct
microscope,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for viewing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyepiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display screen on a handheld device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: Correct.
miniskirt,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily come in contact with?	Oracle said: Legs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the skirt is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the skirt have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the skirt designed for formal or informal occasions?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Is the skirt made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the skirt long or short?	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the skirt pleated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the skirt a wrap skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the skirt a mini skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To reflect.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.
mitten,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing for the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blindfold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eye mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of spats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mitten?	Oracle said: Correct.
moat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a large amount of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for industrial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glacier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marsh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a river?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waterfall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ocean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain cloud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an underground aquifer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural lake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tide pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shore line?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pond?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flooded field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cistern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a water system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an irrigation ditch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagnant body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puddle?	Oracle said: No.
moccasin,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a dress shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sneaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a loafer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the shoe?	Oracle said: It is brown.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a work boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a slip-on shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a boat shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe an oxford shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe considered casual wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe considered athletic wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe typically worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a driving shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a moccasin?	Oracle said: Correct.
moneybag,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a satchel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloth grocery bag that is meant to be disposed of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dry cleaning bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shopping bag made of fabric	 but not reusable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fanny pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sack used for sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sack used to hold mail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sack used to hold something that is harvested?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sack for trash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bean bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sack for holding groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a potato sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a burlap sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sandbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a feed sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a money bag?	Oracle said: Correc
mop,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: Correct
mound,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Does the object hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily composed of rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily composed of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically very large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canyon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It has no texture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of sand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the earth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ditch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a depression in the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canyon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gorge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sinkhole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ravine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural arch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a riverbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large body of earth that is shaped like a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a caldera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glacial cirque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural basin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a mountain range?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mesa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butte?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coastline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ocean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prairie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plateau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a peninsula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glacier?	Oracle said: No.
mousetrap,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch insects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse trap?	Oracle said: Correct.
muffler,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To reduce noise.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a soft material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single	 solid piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a muffler?	Oracle said: Correc
mulch,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Organic material.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made entirely of the organic material	 or is the organic material a coating or component?	Oracle said: The organic material is a component.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the soil.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a manufactured product	 or is it a natural item used for this purpose?	Oracle said: It is a natural item used for this purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from the remains of a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of mulch?	Oracle said: Correct.
mural,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paint.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the picture a painting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the painting a landscape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a portrait?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting abstract?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict an object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict an inanimate object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a still life?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a nautical scene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a mythical creature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a recognizable place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the recognizable place exist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the recognizable place a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the recognizable place a street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the recognizable place a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the recognizable place a specific landmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict something that is commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a religious scene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a historical scene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a depiction of a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict something that can be found in a museum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the painting a famous work?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a scene from a story?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the scene in the painting a place of work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting of a natural environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting a view of the sea?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting have a specific color as its primary color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict something related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict an artist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the painting have any writing on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the painting a very small object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting an advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting of a type of animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting of a religious figure?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the painting depict a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting of a type of flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the painting of something that is man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.
muzzle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To restrain.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a key or combination to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manacle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to restrict the movement of people or animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a boat or ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object's function primarily involve preventing something from entering a space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jail cell door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cattle guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a turnstile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to prevent access to a road or path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object restrict movement in a vertical direction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on private property?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to prevent the escape of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a zoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to restrain an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dog run?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a livestock pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to restrain a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to restrain a wild animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a place where wild animals are cared for or studied?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of snare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bear trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to restrain a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to prevent access to a dangerous area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cattle grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snare trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to keep animals in a specific area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent something from leaving a specific area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control water flow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.
napkin,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 approximately?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: Correct
neckband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any specific material.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a choker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object also serve a function besides decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to religious practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of medical equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cravat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object directly touch the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a anklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help to secure something?	Oracle said: Yes.
neckerchief,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or decorate the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements like jewels or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be functional rather than fashionable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cravat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a choker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for use in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fasten in the back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neckerchief?	Oracle said: Correct
necklace,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object valuable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.
necktie,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: Correct.
net,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of string.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans to catch living things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Correct.
newspaper,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to write on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object currency?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable paper plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any images?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing primarily for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a fashion item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the clothing worn on?	Oracle said: The torso.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a long dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of a light	 flowing material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sundress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of a blend of materials?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the main color of the dress?	Oracle said: It does not have a main color.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the sleeves long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the sleeves short?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the sleeves 3/4 length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the sleeves cap sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of velvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of satin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of a material that is usually associated with autumn or winter wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of a material that is usually associated with spring or summer wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress a wrap dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sheath dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a maxi dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a midi dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a mini dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sweater dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a slip dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a t-shirt dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of jersey knit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of crepe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a babydoll dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a fit-and-flare dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of voile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a bodycon dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a high-low dress?	Oracle said: No
nightgown,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any filling inside it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body when it's being used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: It is clothing.	Guesser said: Is it pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightshirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt long-sleeved or short-sleeved?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a formal garment or an informal garment?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a knit fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a jersey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the sleeves long or short?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a material similar to flannel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt often worn as an outer layer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt close-fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a thick material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt usually worn by women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt typically worn with a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt commonly found in the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have any sort of pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a breathable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a material that is often used for athletic wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a long-sleeved undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a thermal undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt designed for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a long-sleeve t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a mock turtleneck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a pull-over sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a thin	 soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt often worn as sleepwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a pajama top?	Oracle said: No
nightstick,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To strike.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What profession is the object used in?	Oracle said: Law enforcement.	Guesser said: Is the object a baton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gavel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truncheon?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rope.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hang something.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to support a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a noose?	Oracle said: Correct
notebook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have words or images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Correct.
nozzle,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the tool?	Oracle said: To direct or control the flow of a substance.	Guesser said: Is the tool a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool part of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to be turned on and off?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a regulator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a component of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the tool have a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to be hammered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a nozzle?	Oracle said: Correct.
nutcracker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the carving a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the carving a panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the structure of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the figurine of a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden figurine of a person.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the figurine painted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the figurine a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the figurine a religious object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the figurine a collectible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the figurine a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a decorative wooden figurine of a person that is painted.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object of a specific famous person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a caricature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the person depicted in the figurine wearing clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folk art piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a painted wooden folk art figurine of a person wearing clothing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the figurine depict a specific profession or occupation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing historical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the figurine brightly colored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the figurine of a male?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a painted wooden folk art figurine of a man wearing regular clothing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object of a child?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the man in the figurine have a beard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a painted wooden folk art figurine of a man with a beard wearing regular clothing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the figurine small	 like a few inches tall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the figurine a representation of a specific character?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small	 painted wooden folk art figurine of a bearded man wearing regular clothing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the clothing simple?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the clothing elements easily identifiable?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the clothing of a specific style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the figurine have any accessories?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the accessory an object the man is holding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory part of his clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory something on his head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory something that the man is standing on or next to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the accessory something that is attached to the figurine?	Oracle said: No.
oar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is it a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in transportation?	Oracle said: It is used for propulsion.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle that moves on a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of vehicle does the object propel?	Oracle said: Boat.	Guesser said: Is the object an oar?	Oracle said: Correct
oilcan,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain a liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a workshop or industrial setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or transport liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for oil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lubrication gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by mechanics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gasoline can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal oil can with a spout and handle used by mechanics?	Oracle said: Correct.
overcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is not known.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to write with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object geometric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used in a game or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors in an urban environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a primarily vertical orientation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tall	 man-made structure that serves a practical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure designed to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of street art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the control of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to waste disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a public use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure designed to direct traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public art installation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a functional	 public item with a vertical orientation found in an urban setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus stop?	Oracle said: No.
paddle,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To propel an object.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a paddle?	Oracle said: Correct
pail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally found in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a consumable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soda can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a non-alcoholic beverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be opened and closed repeatedly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used once and then discarded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for industrial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for the storage of bulk materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a milk can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object painted?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found outside of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily carried by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by a mechanic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold a flammable liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a cleaning product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a product that is used on vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be poured from?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for cooking oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a liquid that is safe to drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for paint thinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.
paintball,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Gelatin and paint.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To mark targets in a game.	Guesser said: What game is the object used in?	Oracle said: It is used in a game.	Guesser said: Is the object solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object spherical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintball?	Oracle said: Correct
paintbox,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for gardening tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for woodworking tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store art supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a wooden art supply box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store paints?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store paint brushes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store paint tubes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a paint box?	Oracle said: Correct
paintbrush,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping other materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle for another tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with paint?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a paint brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used to apply paint?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden paint roller handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a putty knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove paint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate objects while painting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a painting scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a palette knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the handle of a drop cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a paint can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used to stir paint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a stencil brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any bristles or fibers attached to the handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handled dusting brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handled shoe brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handled brush for cleaning a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handled scrubbing brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush for applying glue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used to apply a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handled brush used for applying varnish?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden handled varnish brush.	Oracle said: Correct.
painting,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 roughly?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be hung on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: Correct
pajama,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object leg warmers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garment meant for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment primarily used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment primarily used in the workplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of capri pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of culottes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long johns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bloomers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of chaps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a divided skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of knickerbockers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gauchos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of Bermuda shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of capri pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of culottes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.
pamphlet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have text on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide information in a visual manner such as a picture or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get regularly updated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct
pan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: Correct.
pants,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric a natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric primarily used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pieces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants and a shirt?	Correct.
pantsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object provide comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of clothing worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.
pantyhose,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of nylon.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the underwear a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are they briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are they boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are they a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are they shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are they a type of athletic underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are they pantyhose?	Oracle said: Correct
paperback,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.
paperclip,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperweight,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained-glass art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: Correct
parachute,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seat belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: Correct.
parcel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper used for gifts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper used for a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper used for money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wrapper contain information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wrapper contain instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a commercial use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the wrapper promote something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper disposable after the contents are removed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cigarette pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper used for packaging a product?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What kind of product is packaged?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the product be considered a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a cosmetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a clothing item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the product relate to books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the product relate to writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product an art supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product related to hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product related to cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product something one would find in a grocery store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the product have any sharp edges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wrapper have any perforations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the product a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product intended for a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product often found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product considered a collectible item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product something you would find in a hardware store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product something you would find in a pharmacy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a seed packet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrapper used for a piece of stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a disposable razor blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a piece of bubble wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the product a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.
parka,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer from the elements.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover any part of the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of coat is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of coat.	Guesser said: Is the coat a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the coat extend to the knees or longer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat insulated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: Correct.
patch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To repair or cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require adhesive to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: Correct.
pavement,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paved courtyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for	 besides providing a surface for travel?	Oracle said: It is used for providing a surface for travel.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or decorations on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the markings or decorations?	Oracle said: None.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pathway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pathway.	Oracle said: Correct
peephole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small	 able to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item for a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the key to a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a lock mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 round part that moves or rotates?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element of the lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component that is used to move something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the lock that the key interacts with directly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shackle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the locking mechanism that slides when the key is turned?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate on which the key is inserted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin that holds the locking mechanism in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the lock that the key pushes to move other parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hole in the object for a key to fit through?	Oracle said: No.
pegboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tabletop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly rest on a counter or table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple flat surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be stood on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden panel used in building a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the internal structure of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the side of a wooden building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an exterior component of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the frame of a building?	Oracle said: No.
pen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: Correct.
pencil,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require ink to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: Correct.
pendant,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is it clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it earrings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an anklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it body jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Neck	Guesser said: Is it a pendant?	Oracle said: Correct.
pendulum,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose in a professional setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the medical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the field of engineering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make measurements of length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure electrical properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure angles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surveying instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the larger instrument used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a scientific instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small part of a larger scientific instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a scale or balance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a circuit board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a spectrometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a scientific measuring device for the purpose of experiments?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a metal electrode?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a scientific instrument used in chemistry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used to perform experiments in physics?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a galvanometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendulum?	Oracle said: Correct.
periscope,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To see things that are otherwise out of sight.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for observing the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to observe things that are very far away?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a periscope?	Oracle said: Correct
petticoat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shape and support to a skirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a petticoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
photograph,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to keeping the user warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sitting or resting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a school setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to write with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.
piano,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally considered hard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: Correct.
pickaxe,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting or shaping other materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction or repair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drive fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove rust or paint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on stone or masonry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cold chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mason's hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape or break stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a point chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bush hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demolition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pry bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrecking bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: Correct
picture,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain images?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of art a print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a framed print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallpaper sample?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bank note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be held?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a promotional flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an origami creation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative paper cutout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an invitation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapping paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a postage stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a craft project?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative paper fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coloring page?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrapbook page?	Oracle said: No.
pill,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To treat or prevent a medical condition.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single use item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often thrown away after use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable container for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or store something small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box primarily used for decoration or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box usually clear or transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used in packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to package consumer goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a shipping container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box primarily used for electronic devices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing or organizing craft supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store or organize office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a part of a larger product or item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box relatively small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box airtight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store medications?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a pill bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a container for a specific type of medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blister pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a small container used to hold a single dose of medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicine box that sits on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the box for a single-use medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for medication that is not typically prescribed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the box for an inhaler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing a small amount of medical supplies for immediate use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a first aid kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that contains multiple individual packets of medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel-sized box for medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small container for a specific type of medical supply?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store bandages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store eye drops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box for a single medical device?	Oracle said: No.
pillow,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillowcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric natural or synthetic?	Oracle said: It can be either.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to cover a pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: Correct.
pin,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a tool to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: Correct
pincushion,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold pins.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin cushion?	Oracle said: Correct
pinstripe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a public place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soft	 decorative ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pennant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in religious ceremonies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a festive decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soft sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a party decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garland?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textile sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric lei?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric pom-pom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed heart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric cloud?	Oracle said: No
pitchfork,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to containing other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the tool?	Oracle said: To lift and move loose material.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move sand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move snow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to move grain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a scoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a pitchfork?	Oracle said: Correct.
plank,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to measure things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to shape other wooden objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to be used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to dig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drive things like nails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten two pieces of wood together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a hole in wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to smooth a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of scaffolding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank of wood?	Oracle said: Correct
plaster,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To cover a wound.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical supply?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temporary wound covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster of paris dressing?	Correct.
platter,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or made up of multiple parts?	Oracle said: Single piece.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft or hard?	Oracle said: Hard	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casserole dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the serving dish round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the serving dish square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the serving dish rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the serving dish oval?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platter?	Oracle said: Correct.
playhouse,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 roughly? (e.g.	 tiny	 small	 medium	 large	 enormous)	Oracle said: Medium.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object involve any form of transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the building a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the building a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the building a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a house.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the house abandoned?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a tree house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a mobile home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a playhouse?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To grip and manipulate objects.	Guesser said: Is the tool a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: Correct
pocket,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something in a liquid state?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any relation to sports or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically interact with the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art or decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on or near a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a worker in a trade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment designed to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment designed to carry things on the back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Correct.
pocketknife,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object the blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cut through wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool used by tailors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a hardware store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife used for cutting carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool for cutting sheet metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool that cuts by slicing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of snips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a safety mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a retractable blade knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife with a folding blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife used for trimming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife used by electricians?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific type of material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: Correct.
podium,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to hold other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid or top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically sit on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object designed to hold?	Oracle said: A person.	Guesser said: Is the stand a podium?	Oracle said: Correct
pole,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: It is typically used with other objects.	Guesser said: Is it a component of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole?	Oracle said: Correct.
poncho,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a poncho?	Oracle said: Correct.
pontoon,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle designed to travel on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for recreational use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for rescue operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on lakes or rivers?	Oracle said: Lakes	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: Correct
pool,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the most prevalent material in the object?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container designed for human use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold water for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold water for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: Correct
popgun,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or decoration?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the toy?	Oracle said: To make a popping sound.	Guesser said: Is the toy a cap gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a party popper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the toy involve air pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a pop gun?	Oracle said: Correct.
porcelain,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Porcelain.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically white?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object very small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set or collection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container meant to hold liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large	 fixed container	 possibly part of a cleaning system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vessel used for holding and dispensing water	 possibly in a controlled environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of laboratory equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washbasin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chamber pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized container used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquid in an educational setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tankard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a porcelain insulator?	Oracle said: Correc
pot,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container glazed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower pot?	Correct.
pottery,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piggy bank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candy dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative spoon rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic fruit bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trinket dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative serving tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic egg cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic incense holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic flower pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic napkin ring?	Oracle said: No.
pouch,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry items on your person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the bag?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a flap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag part of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to store dirty laundry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag open at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the bag have any closures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the method of closure?	Oracle said: It has a zipper.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pencil case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a coin purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a makeup bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag related to travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag for small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a glasses case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to store art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a jewelry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a sunglasses case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pouch?	Oracle said: Correct.
powerboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it motorized?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it made primarily of fiberglass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used on the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cabin cruiser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a recreational power boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sport fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat larger than 30 feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bowrider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cuddy cabin boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a deck boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a windshield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a center console boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a runabout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for water skiing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wakeboard boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat an open-bow boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cuddy cabin boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a swim platform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a closed-bow boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bowrider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a bimini top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a jet boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ski boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used in fresh water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ski boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used in both salt and fresh water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a cuddy cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a forward seating area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sport boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a deck boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have an inboard or outboard motor?	Oracle said: It has an inboard motor.	Guesser said: Is the boat a stern drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a jet boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a tower for watersports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a runabout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a lot of storage?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the boat built for speed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat an inboard ski boat?	Oracle said: No.
pulley,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To lift or move objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the name of the larger machine?	Oracle said: I am not a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object rotate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley?	Oracle said: Correct
puppet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 cloth	 and string.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no general shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.
quilt,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of decorative elements does the object have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object involve layers of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: Correct.
racquetball,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function that is related to writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: A rubber ball.	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the rubber ball a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: A bouncy ball.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the ball have any text or markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a solid color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball a standard sphere shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball used for a specific sport or game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball red?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball yellow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball orange?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a specific color other than those I have asked about?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ball have a texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the texture smooth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the ball bounce high?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport or game a lawn game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a racket sport ball?	Oracle said: Yes
raft,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: A boat.	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for leisure or recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: Correct.
rafter,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden beam structural or decorative?	Oracle said: Structural	Guesser said: Is the beam a support for a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: Correct
rag,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cloth.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used wet or dry?	Oracle said: Wet	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chamois?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized cleaning cloth for windows	 made of cotton	 that is not a chamois	 is not disposable	 and is used wet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rag?	Oracle said: Correct
raincoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the torso covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing designed to be worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is worn on the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an arm warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit of armor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device worn on the arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy worn on the arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to protect the arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component in a larger device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a splint?	Oracle said: No.
ratchet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten other objects together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be hit or struck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a toolbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to grip or hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut other materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tighten or loosen something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be hammered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to turn something round?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a nut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a screw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool for a specific type of screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a universal tool that works with a variety of screws?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in your pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by plumbers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by mechanics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to apply force to a screw head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to apply force on a nut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to loosen or tighten bolts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lug wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a combination wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an open-end wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object adjustable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crescent wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spanner wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in automotive repair?	Oracle said: Yes.
razor,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to repair other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to fasten other objects together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to open or close something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cut or shape something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: Correct.
recliner,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Sitting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a chair.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanbag chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: Correct
rib,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect internal organs.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Bone.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the skull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rib?	Oracle said: Correct
rickshaw,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle typically pulled by animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a handcart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a steering mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a rickshaw?	Oracle said: Correct.
robe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boots?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire foot	 including the ankle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leg warmers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the toes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of flip-flops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tutu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full body costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a purpose other than as a costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: No
roof,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the primary material.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials used in its construction?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Are any of the materials used in its construction metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are any of the materials used in its construction wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary purpose for human habitation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect against weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Correct.
rope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the material metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material composite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material a type of polymer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material a powder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the material a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the material typically used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fastening done with nails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastening done with screws?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool primarily made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten objects together by gluing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things together with some form of adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to install or remove other tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to tighten things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to loosen things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach two things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a zip tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to bind something?	Oracle said: Yes.
rowboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by oars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a rowboat?	Oracle said: Correct
rudder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To steer.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long and narrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rudder?	Oracle said: Correct
rug,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration and to cover a floor.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Correct.
runway,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To facilitate the takeoff and landing of aircraft.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Concrete.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is a long shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the markings?	Oracle said: To provide guidance to pilots.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the name of the larger structure?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a runway?	Oracle said: Correct.
sack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for storage of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed for carrying items that are used for education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable sandwich bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a dry cleaning bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a gift bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a luggage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a diaper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the bag typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a plastic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a paper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a clutch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a fanny pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable bulk food bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a book bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable sandwich bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a trash bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a small pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable bulk food bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.
sackcloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an article of outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windsock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used to carry things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used to protect from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used to wipe something?	Oracle said: No.
saddle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a seat for a rider on an animal.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: Correct
saddlebag,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddlebag?	Oracle said: Correct
sailboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 fiberglass	 and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
saltshaker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To dispense a substance.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense a food substance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for salt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker clear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker a specific shape	 like a cylinder or a square?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shaker primarily for dispensing a fine powder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a material that is commonly used for kitchen utensils?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of bamboo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of melamine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a material that is typically found in spice racks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a combination of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shaker have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker's dispensing mechanism a twist-top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shaker have a lid that can be removed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shaker have a metal top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shaker have a plastic top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of glass with a plastic top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a transparent material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker's body made of a material that is also used to make measuring cups?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a material that is not a solid color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of opaque plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker primarily a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a hard plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a translucent plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a material that is used in the manufacturing of plates?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a material that can be easily molded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of acrylic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of silicone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a material that can be used in the oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of melamine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a material that is commonly used to make spice containers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a type of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the body of the shaker made of a material that is a common spice container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shaker made of a material that is a common component in the construction of spice rack?	Oracle said: No
sandal,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Are any of the materials used in the object metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have a sole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have a heel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sandal?	Oracle said: Correct.
sarong,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a coverall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a toga?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a petticoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of bloomers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a loincloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a sarong?	Oracle said: Correct
satchel,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a satchel?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.
saucepan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of cooking device	 like an oven	 or is it a general cooking item	 like a pot?	Oracle said: It is a specific type of cooking device.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use gas as a fuel source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heated by fire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closed chamber or a more open cooking surface?	Oracle said: More open cooking surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stovetop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to cook food over a fire	 but with a pan or other container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a campfire cooking tripod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a BBQ smoker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pizza oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for cooking using a specific type of fuel source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire pit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with a specific cooking vessel	 such as a pot or pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camp stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a grate or other surface to hold the cooking vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat diffuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to sit directly on the ground and hold a cooking vessel over a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking on a specific type of surface	 like a grill or a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warming tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable burner used with a specific type of pot or pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fondue pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chafing dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a raclette grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a complete cooking system	 or is it a standalone item?	Oracle said: Standalone item.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable cooking surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cooking on an open flame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a double boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric skillet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roasting pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a pot or pan above a heat source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No
scabbard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is consumed or used up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a business setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically carried or held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object a cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object a sphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object a rectangle or a similar shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object an irregular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.
scaffold,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To provide a raised platform for workers.	Guesser said: Is the tool a scaffolding?	Oracle said: Correct.
scaffolding,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a natural environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moving materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to level surfaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to break things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drive fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with another tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tighten or loosen things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with screws?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with nails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with bolts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with nuts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of cutting tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help join two other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the larger tool a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a jackhammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a concrete mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger tool a hand-powered tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a crane?	Oracle said: No.
scalpel,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafts or hobbies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: Correct.
scarecrow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To deter animals.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Straw.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarecrow?	Oracle said: Correct.
scarf,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Correct.
schoolbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a very large backpack	 like one used for hiking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack typically used by students?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of nylon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack brightly colored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a standard color like blue or green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a specific brand?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have any distinctive patterns or features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a messenger bag style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a standard school backpack made of a synthetic material	 with no specific brand or unique features	 and in a color other than black	 blue	 green	 or brightly colored?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack primarily used by adults?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack insulated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack considered fashionable?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a simple	 basic design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a Jansport backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack designed for a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a cinch sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a small backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of polyester?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a laptop backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack designed to carry sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a standard	 non-branded school backpack	 made of fabric	 and a neutral color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of a material that is designed to be very durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a heavy duty backpack designed for rugged use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have multiple compartments or pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a basic backpack	 made of a durable	 but not specifically heavy duty	 material	 with multiple compartments	 and intended for school use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a L.L.Bean backpack?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of an L.L.Bean backpack.	Guesser said: Is the object a Land's End backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of a material similar to Cordura nylon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a North Face backpack?	Oracle said: I can not answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a popular style of backpack?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a Swiss Gear backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a common brand or is it a lesser known brand?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have any external straps or buckles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a Granite Gear backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have any mesh pockets on the side?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a Kanken backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a generic brand backpack?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question
schoolbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a collection of short stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a cookbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book contain primarily images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book primarily used for legal purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a set of instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book related to finance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a religious text?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a lot of writing in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a ledger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a lot of pictures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a study guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book contain mostly text?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the book a thesis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a thesaurus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a reference book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a phone book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a workbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a manuscript?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a recipe book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a research paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book for practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a study guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a workbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used at work?	Oracle said: No.
scissors,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: Correct.
scooter,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel or a power source to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: Correct.
scrapbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container primarily for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a paper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a cardboard envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a checkbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain printed words?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pictures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card with a picture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coloring book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a field guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recipe book?	Oracle said: No.
screen,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the general function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Correct.
sculpture,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or made of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: It is a single piece.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gravestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden gnome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landscaping rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.
seesaw,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mode of transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to recreation or leisure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find at a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function beyond recreation or leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: Correct
sharkskin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a living organism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mammal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reptile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amphibian?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of invertebrate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object live in the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have scales?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of aquatic reptile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary food source?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object have fins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bony fish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cartilaginous fish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long	 slender body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flattened body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large head relative to its body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chimaera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a venomous barb or spine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use bioluminescence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long snout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rounded body shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctive pattern of spots or stripes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a streamlined body shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near the ocean floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily a predator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a visible spiracle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object possess an ampullae of Lorenzini?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sawfish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Manta Ray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitarfish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torpedo ray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stingray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed snout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn shark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a body shape that is wider than it is long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whale shark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tail fin that is symmetrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct dorsal fin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a caudal fin that is almost entirely horizontal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flattened head?	Oracle said: No
shawl,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in pairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an outfit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the shoulders?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: Correct.
shears,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it.	Oracle said: Correct.
shelf,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: Correct.
shell,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It has a variety of colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a terrestrial environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a freshwater environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a saltwater environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: Correct
shield,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal commonly used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to weaponry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: Correct.
shingle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window shutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storm shutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be attached to a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect a doorway from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building facade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative panel on a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of siding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the siding made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.
shirt,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoelace,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothing clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pair of shoes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct
shoestring,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tie something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct
shorts,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the outer garment a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have any openings for your arms and head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover any portion of your legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object go over your head and arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover only the upper portion of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover most of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover only your legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are they shorts?	Oracle said: Correct.
showerhead,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To dispense water.	Guesser said: Does the object plug into a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a refillable container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hose nozzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: Correct.
shrapnel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used at a distance from the user?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of explosive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guided missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require an energy source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon that utilizes kinetic energy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bladed weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projectile weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used by a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a siege weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanical component that stores energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object rely on gravity to cause harm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be fired from a structure or platform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a catapult?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trebuchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ballista?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use compressed air or gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stationary weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship-mounted weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mobile artillery piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a giant crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a land mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object leave a trail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used against multiple targets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cluster bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to launch other projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a loud noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel through the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to pierce armor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object explode on impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to incapacitate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanbag round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tear gas canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a limited range?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stun grenade?	Oracle said: No.
sickle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sickle?	Oracle said: Correct.
sidewall,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any text or markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber sole for a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a mechanical or industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber seal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber roof tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber floor tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber weather strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber sheet used as a barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber plug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber boot for a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber mallet head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber gasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber flashing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an outdoor rubber playground surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber wiper blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber seal for a car door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bumper on a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber air intake hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber engine mount?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber radiator hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber grommet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber fuel line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber seal on a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber tire flap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber mud flap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the suspension system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the exhaust system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber seal in a door?	Oracle said: No.
sieve,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To separate substances.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: Correct.
sifter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil used for stirring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to heat food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a specific type of pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to hold food while cooking or preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in the oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to cook food on a stove top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool used for a specific type of food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garlic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to smash or crush something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to peel something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to strain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a tea strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the strainer part of a cocktail shaker set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fine mesh sieve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the strainer a specialized tool for a specific liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pasta spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen skimmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strainer specifically for tea or coffee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a julep strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for straining solid food from a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove solids from a drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a metal mesh tea infuser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a citrus juicer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of strainer used for rinsing small food items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cheese grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a funnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an egg separator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato ricer?	Oracle said: No.
silk,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Natural.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant or animal?	Oracle said: Neither.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the Earth's atmosphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a desert environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of land formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a forest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a source of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weather phenomenon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the soil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pebble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural gem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object originate from an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the outside of an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found inside an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the surface of the land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is secreted by an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of waste product from an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something produced internally by an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the ocean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a cave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tooth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pearl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a claw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an egg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair?	Oracle said: No.
sill,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural rock formation that has been modified by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the structure a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a water feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paved path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a large garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire pit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border of some sort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the border a decorative border?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the border used for containment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the border a functional border?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an archaeological dig site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornerstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border for a sports field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border for a flower bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to separate two areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the separation for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the separation for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the separation for organization or planning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a property marker?	Oracle said: No.
silverware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object long and thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steak knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a serrated edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pizza cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at the table	 for eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spreader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized eating utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts or sections?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nutcracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating lobster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating oysters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating snails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat artichokes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat clams?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat crab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat corn on the cob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a whole bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating fish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a food that needs to be cracked?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating grapes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat olives?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating asparagus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat ravioli?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple tines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a scissor-like action?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of salad servers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sugar tong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a specific set of utensils?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often paired with a fork and a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving spoon?	Oracle said: No
sink,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human? (e.g.	 smaller	 larger	 about the same)	Oracle said: About the same.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or composed of multiple parts?	Oracle said: Composed of multiple parts.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a professional setting	 a home setting	 or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: What materials are the primary components of the object?	Oracle said: Metal	 ceramic	 or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved or stationary?	Oracle said: Stationary	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen sink?	Correct
sketchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper with a single sentence written on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the documents bound together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the collection of documents a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the collection of documents a personal diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an instruction manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a packet of leaflets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of documents for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ledger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of recipes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed document related to business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a script?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document outlining the rules?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed document designed for the purpose of providing information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a collection of forms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a collection of printed artwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a program?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pieces of paper the same size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pieces of paper bound in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pages numbered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pages primarily filled with text?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of artwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a series of images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed reference material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of photographs?	Oracle said: No.
ski,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow someone to travel over snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single item	 or a set of items?	Oracle said: A set of items.	Guesser said: Are the items worn on the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the items long and flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the items used with poles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the items skis?	Oracle said: Correct
skillet,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a frying pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of silicone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle a part of the metal pan	 or is it attached?	Oracle said: Attached.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material commonly used in oven mitts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of bakelite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is hard to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle riveted to the pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is an electrical and thermal insulator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is used on many kitchen utensils?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is a polymer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is a ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of enamel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is frequently used on pots and pans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is often black in color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a phenolic resin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a thermoset plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is heat resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of a material that is scratch resistant?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the pan have a non-stick coating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the frying pan made of cast iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a cast iron frying pan with a metal pan and handle that is attached	 and is likely made of a material that is a high temperature plastic that is not a thermoset plastic.	Oracle said: Correct
skirt,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men or women?	Oracle said: Women.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
skullcap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock or a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a living creature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an insect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a mammal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object fur?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the animal's external covering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object blood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tooth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the animal's digestive system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the animal's circulatory system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the animal's nervous system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a product of the animal's body	 but not a part of its anatomy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a muscle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something the animal produces for defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object aid in locomotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object aid in the animal's ability to sense its environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something the animal uses to regulate its internal temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that the animal uses to build its habitat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something the animal uses to communicate with other animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waste product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support for the animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodily fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to reproduction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the animal's respiratory system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a claw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object secreted by the animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the animal's diet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the skeleton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tendon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ligament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object cartilage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of the skeleton itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal feature of the animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the integumentary system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the skeletal system	 but not a bone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the outside of the animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a feather?	Oracle said: No.
slacks,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of pants.	Oracle said: Correct.
slate,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a naturally occurring stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a regular geometric shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of chalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing slate?	Oracle said: Correct.
sledgehammer,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To strike things.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hammer.	Oracle said: Correct.
sleeve,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single piece of fabric or multiple pieces sewn together?	Oracle said: Multiple pieces sewn together.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use beyond covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection from something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect something from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from dirt or spills?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for something used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for furniture during storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect an item from being damaged?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a pet from something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect clothes from the weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used when painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drop cloth used when doing a project?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment that is worn over clothes to protect them from dirt or spills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect clothes during storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any straps or fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: Correct.
sleigh,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved by animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh?	Oracle said: Correct.
slingshot,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To propel a projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for sport or recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use compressed gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an explosion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a swinging motion to propel the projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: Correct.
slipcover,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a manufactured item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a larger item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any padding or stuffing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a furniture cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the furniture cover for a couch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the couch cover a slipcover?	Oracle said: Correct.
slipper,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material is not specified.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: Correct
smock,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coverall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of overall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a button-up shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a uniform shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a work shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have long sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a rash guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a smock?	Oracle said: Correct.
sneaker,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber	 fabric	 and leather.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide foot protection and traction.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of shoe is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of shoe.	Guesser said: Is it a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sneaker?	Oracle said: Correct.
snorkel,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To breathe underwater.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require any power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowman,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowman?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found at a campsite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used during sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing worn on the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the legs fully covered by the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gaiters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of chaps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the feet and legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the skin from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from the weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for an object in the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective covering for a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used on a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.
snuffbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box for storing valuables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal storage box	 perhaps for documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used for a specific purpose	 like storing ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it ammunition for a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it ammunition for a different type of weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ammunition used for hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it ammunition for a device used in construction or demolition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ammunition used for a hobby or sport?	Oracle said: I am not ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container specifically designed to hold something dangerous?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used for storage of a collection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used in an educational setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something related to electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box that is a decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the decorative aspect of the box its primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used to store or organize items in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box that is used for storing something that is collected	 like stamps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative box used in a professional office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative metal box used to store jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used for the storage of files or documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used as a keepsake or decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal box	 rectangular in shape	 used to store small personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box used as a decorative container for displaying objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative metal box a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative metal box a cigarette case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative metal box a tea caddy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative metal box a container for art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal box used to hold photographs?	Oracle said: No
sock,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or use?	Oracle said: To cover a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Correct.
sofa,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide seating.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: Correct.
softball,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport played primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport played with a club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soccer ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sport played with a racket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sport typically played by one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a rugby ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in a sport where the goal is to get the ball through a hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sport played on a field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sport played with a bat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in a sport where players run around bases?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sport played with a softer ball than a baseball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a softball?	Oracle said: Correct.
songbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used for storing information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a phone book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a collection of short stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have pictures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a set of instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a checkbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diploma?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a resume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a check?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed program?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stationery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tax form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed announcement?	Oracle said: No.
spacesuit,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use in combat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection from the weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect from falling objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by construction workers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat designed to protect the wearer from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of protective clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of protective clothing used in a lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of protective clothing used in medical settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of protective clothing used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object include a face shield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect from sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lens clear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a face shield used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a police officer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to a helmet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a face shield for a helmet used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a firefighter's equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a soldier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a spacesuit?	Correct.
spandex,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Spandex.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific uses related to athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of compression shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full body suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of compression leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn during running?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a form fitting shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn under other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of padding worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the wearer from the cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use during workouts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist trainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to improve performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object wick moisture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a base layer top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rash guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form fitting vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper or buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily one color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seamless compression top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression sleeve for the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in mixed martial arts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn close to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be breathable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by people who play racquetball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swim top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of shapewear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shapewear a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a control top for underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoothing camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.
sparkler,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use fire to create light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object	 compared to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a sparkler?	Oracle said: Correc
spatula,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook with.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for frying?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a double boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: Correct.
spear,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To pierce or throw.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for defense or offense?	Oracle said: Offense.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: Correct.
spectacles,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Correct.
spittoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a government building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to energy production or storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container designed to hold liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container typically clear or transparent?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the container used to store or hold something for a long period of time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for storage during transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for temporary storage or use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container part of a plumbing system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.
spool,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold small	 solid objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to money or finance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spool of thread?	Oracle said: Correct.
spoon,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for stirring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: Correct.
squeegee,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object	 relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: Correct
stagecoach,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Does the object typically travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation or transportation?	Oracle said: Transportation	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a horse-drawn carriage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on paved roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagecoach?	Oracle said: Correct
stair,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow someone to move between different levels.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: Correct
stapler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten papers together.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the metal part of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the plastic part of the object used for grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: Correct
statue,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical uses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Correct.
statuette,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of resin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of clay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture primarily hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of a material that is soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a metal figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture primarily colored gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture of a person or animal?	Oracle said: It is a person.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of bronze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture of a famous person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture painted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of ivory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of a composite material?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a statuette made of porcelain?	Correct.
stencil,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the primary material the object is made of a metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a switch plate cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration for a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration for a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative light switch cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is hung on the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item that sits on a surface?	Oracle said: No.
stethoscope,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to sounds.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people sit on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a communication device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fixture	 like a light or a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a service of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the processing of information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a place where people eat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a doctor's office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a patient's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to listen to sounds inside the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stethoscope?	Oracle said: Correct
stiletto,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather	 metal	 and rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something a person would wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the wearer from harm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a dress shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sneaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.
stilt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the structure a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used or found on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden arbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden kiosk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden climbing frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden archway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelter for animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden decorative feature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden play structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger wooden structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden observation platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden boundary marker?	Oracle said: No.
stirrup,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for securing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carabiner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach something to a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of tool is it part of?	Oracle said: It is part of a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a measuring tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object circular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object triangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoke?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.
stocking,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the fabric?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the fabric transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold things on your body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an outfit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocketbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathing suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fanny pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: No.
stool,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically used for sitting.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: Correct.
storybook,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a collection of recipes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain primarily images rather than words?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a children's book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the book have illustrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a picture book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a storybook?	Oracle said: Correct
stove,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking utensil with a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Correct.
straightjacket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Restraint.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a straitjacket?	Oracle said: Correct
strap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric a natural fiber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to recreation or hobbies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning supply or tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric used in garment construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing machine cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thread spool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the process of creating clothing but not directly the clothing itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoulder pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.
string,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for tying things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate length?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what environment would the object typically be used?	Oracle said: In a digital environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a software program?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object exist in a non-physical form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to data storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a web of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used in packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used in crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is bought and sold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific	 standardized form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a package of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a length of something sold by measurement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object string?	Oracle said: Correct
strongbox,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal wastebasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bookend?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal paper tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to computer hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily rectangular or square in shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container for holding small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a money clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal box used for storing jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal box used for storing tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal box used for storing coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal box used for storing office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal box used for storing keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal box used for storing important documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal box a fire safe?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protecting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cash box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox?	Oracle said: Correct.
stucco,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a road or pathway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drainage pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pre-cast concrete bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cement mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a culvert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a concrete sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a septic tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an architectural feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature typically used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a decorative wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a balustrade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a gargoyle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a garden gnome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative concrete sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a building facade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a precast decorative panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a concrete awning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a concrete coping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the architectural feature a concrete window sill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative concrete molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cast concrete lintel?	Oracle said: No.
suit,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long sleeved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms completely?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body suit?	Correct.
suitcase,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag usually carried by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag typically used for shopping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry things for school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying personal belongings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by a professional?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry luggage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a suitcase?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundial,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a public space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clock digital or analog?	Oracle said: Analog.	Guesser said: Is the clock a grandfather clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clock circular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clock made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clock made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clock made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the clock made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: Does the clock have hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clock an hourglass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clock a sundial?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundress,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress a wedding dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a casual dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress long sleeved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have pockets?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sundress?	Oracle said: Correct
sunglass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for vision correction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunglasses,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of eyewear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the eyewear primarily for recreational use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the lenses of the eyewear tinted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: Correct
sunlamp,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for looking through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any function beyond allowing light to pass through it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel in a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for scientific use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape	 like a curve or a cylinder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass insulator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass prism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a museum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock face cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an electrical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a computer screen?	Oracle said: No
sunroof,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to see out of?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a space ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a large vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure that moves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a passenger train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a recreational vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a porthole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a moving train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large window on a mobile home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skylight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield on a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass window in a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greenhouse window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large window in a commercial building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something that is designed to travel over water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large display screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window in a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something designed for air travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple panels of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame around it?	Oracle said: Yes.
sunscreen,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the sun.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found at a beach?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parasol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a work environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunscreen?	Oracle said: Correct
surfboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To glide across water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for recreation or sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by paddles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: Correct
suspender,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Elastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in exercise or recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid	 liquid	 or gas?	Oracle said: Solid	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of clothing or worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sealant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep something closed or sealed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cushioning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a mechanical system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elastic strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of athletic wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to medical use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something in place	 such as a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for compression?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for suspension?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspender?	Oracle said: Correc
swatch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would sit on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window covering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a purpose other than containing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a potholder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for an activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a unique or distinctive pattern or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you might use to wipe your face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needlepoint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the body?	Oracle said: No.
sweater,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatpants,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants primarily for athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants yoga pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants sweatpants?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a button down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt long sleeved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the shirt?	Oracle said: I am not a shirt.	Guesser said: My apologies. Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sweater have a crew neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a v-neck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a turtleneck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater with a high	 round neckline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a boat neck sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater that pulls over the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cable knit sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater plain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sweater have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any texture on it?	Oracle said: Yes
swimsuit,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment swimwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the swimwear a two-piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the swimwear a one-piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the swimwear a Speedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the swimwear a wetsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the swimwear a swimsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.
sword,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by construction workers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting plants or vegetation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have one blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require significant force to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to cut something that is flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tin snips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut rope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife used to cut rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by sailors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a farmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cutting axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cutting scissor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand axe used for cutting rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through something thick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through a single material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through natural fiber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through a woven material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heavy duty fabric shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the manufacturing of textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of tents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cutting tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through a rolled or sheeted material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through metal sheet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut thick metal sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut thin metal sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a die?	Oracle said: No.
syringe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To inject or withdraw fluids.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object	 in inches?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct
tablecloth,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric woven?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: Correct.
tailcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing typically worn on the upper or lower body?	Oracle said: Upper.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a rain coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the coat?	Oracle said: It is black.	Guesser said: Is the coat a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a leather jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a denim jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a long coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat typically worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Car Coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Chesterfield coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Mac coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Balmacaan coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a duffle coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a frock coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a topcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a duster coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat an anorak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat considered formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a great coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a morning coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a tuxedo coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have lapels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a frock coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a tailcoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
tambourine,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play the music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 metal	 and skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a membrane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: Correct
tape,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and magnetic material.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Correct.
tarmac,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a residential street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used by cars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the road have more than two lanes?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the road be found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a main street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used by buses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road typically found in an industrial area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a service road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a small street in a town?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road in a shopping area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a side street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a small road near a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road in a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road at an airport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a runway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used by aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a taxiway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used for parking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road for service vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used for loading and unloading of passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road that is used for getting to and from the terminal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a road that is only used by cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road also used by buses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a road for airport employee use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road around the terminal where buses and cars pick up and drop off passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road primarily for commercial vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a road that circles the airport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used by service vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road an access road to cargo areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used to get to and from the hangars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road for the use of the airport personnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road also used by emergency vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a road used by emergency vehicles to access the hangars at the airport.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the road for emergency vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this road have a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used by airport employees?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used for airport security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road used for transporting baggage?	Oracle said: No.
tarp,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: Correct.
tassel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object typically large or small?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a house or a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use besides decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall decal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an embroidery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper with fabric attached?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting on fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliqu???	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 decorative wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pennant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall quilt square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric ornament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fabric ornament.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the fabric the primary component of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary component of the object?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other components besides the fabric?	Oracle said: No
teakettle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.
teapot,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the utensil a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the utensil a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the utensil a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the utensil a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot made of cast iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot enameled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in the oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pot have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the pot have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot typically used to make tea?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot a tea kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot a teapot?	Oracle said: Correct.
telescope,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To observe distant objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: Correct.
terrycloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Terrycloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth	 like a rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to babies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object circular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car seat cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning pad for a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seat cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth for cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dog bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry your hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shammy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup removing cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a loop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a head wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a spa?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spa towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object wrap around something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry hair after a shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap around hair while drying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for drying the whole body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spa wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying the body at a spa?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spa towel wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of towel?	Oracle said: Yes
textbook,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have words or images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than 10 pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of book is it?	Oracle said: I am not a book.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the document a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a binding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain mostly text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermos,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To keep things at a certain temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cook food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: Correct.
thong,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: Correct.
throne,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the chair made of a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used for relaxing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair found in a medical office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used for a specific task or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used at a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used for playing an instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used in a hair salon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a person with a specific job?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a dentist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a barber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a surgeon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a teacher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a student?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by someone creating art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by someone on a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a cashier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a chef?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a security guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a pilot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by a driver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used in a courtroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by an office worker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair for a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the activity related to a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity related to eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity related to sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity related to a child?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the activity a relaxing activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used for massage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by someone with a medical condition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used in a game?	Oracle said: No.
thumbtack,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for fastening things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the shape of the object long and thin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the head of the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tack?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work or in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a pair of earrings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a tie clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry a cufflink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an object that is worn and is made of metal and is decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jewelry something worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct
tightrope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single	 solid piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors in a residential area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clear or transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use in a scientific or technical field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for applying force?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for smoothing or leveling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to manipulate other tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to make a hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for gripping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to carpentry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed for demolition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pry bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to tighten or loosen things?	Oracle said: No
tights,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Nylon.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of nylon stockings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be worn by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire leg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of nylon tights?	Correct.
tile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a square.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: Correct.
timber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden truss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sill plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a header?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fascia board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of plywood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an I-Joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam used for a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden lattice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a subfloor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a temporary construction like scaffolding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a purlin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof batten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ridge beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gable end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hip rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valley rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dormer rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof sheathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide lateral support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a temporary support structure used while the roof is built?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof's structure that is not a rafter	 sheathing	 or beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ridge board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof covering and used for water shedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof structure and provides support to the roof covering?	Oracle said: Yes.
tinfoil,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be opened or closed?	Oracle said: It is not designed to be opened or closed.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be ingested?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To store food.	Guesser said: Is the object a can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of cookware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the process of eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of food storage container	 such as a lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific tool for food preparation	 such as a meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that would be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container	 but of a different type than a lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal component in an appliance used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool related to the manual packaging of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal skewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the canning process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portioning tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: No
tinsel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily one solid piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative ornament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object	 in inches? (Give me its height	 width	 and depth	 in that order)	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be hung?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be placed on a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be displayed outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wind chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garland?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall sconce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces that are assembled together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct shape	 such as an animal	 person	 or object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any functional purpose	 other than decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of wall art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wreath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative hanging plant holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of individual	 connected links?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain made of a single	 continuous piece of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain made up of repeating plastic elements?	Oracle said: No.
toboggan,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sled used on snow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sled.	Oracle said: Correct.
toga,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap made of a soft material like silk or wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap made of a heavier material like canvas or denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap primarily used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap designed to be decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap made of a sheer fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a decorative band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a ruana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wrap have a specific purpose other than decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.
tomahawk,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a tree cutting operation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cut grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something that is not wood or metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handsaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a froe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoke shave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a butcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folding saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billhook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cutting ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gouge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the cutting of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bark spud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a splitting maul?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning knife?	Oracle said: No.
tongs,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the intended primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To grasp and hold objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: Correct
toolbox,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store and organize tools.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: Correct
toothbrush,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
toothpick,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or storing written materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rolling pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butcher block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spoon rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to bread making?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to pound or crush something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the preparation for another food-related activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pastry brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden meat tenderizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden scoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wooden salad bowl set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden trivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pasta drying rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pizza peel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the storage of food?	Oracle said: No.
topcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a winter coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat filled with a material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a specific type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a bomber jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a duffel coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a puffer coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the coat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat long or short?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the coat a specific style of coat popular in a specific region?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a general style of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the coat have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the coat have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a car coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat designed for a specific activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat generally worn by men or women?	Oracle said: Men	Guesser said: Is the coat a pea coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a overcoat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat made of tweed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat made of a material commonly associated with suits?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a Chesterfield coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a balmacaan coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a polo coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat single-breasted?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a full length coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat knee length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a three-quarter length coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a mid-length coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat shorter than mid-length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat a double-breasted coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the overcoat single breasted?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the coat typically worn for business or formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a topcoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
torch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to shape other materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening or closing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply force?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to hold things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve electricity in its use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for marking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tightening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to welding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail puller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tap and die set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a putty knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.
toupee,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for fashion or for practical reasons?	Oracle said: For fashion.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a fascinator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a barrette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a scrunchie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a decorative comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hair accessory a hairnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the hair accessory made of?	Oracle said: Hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a toupee?	Oracle said: Correct.
tourniquet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To stop blood flow.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tourniquet?	Oracle said: Correct.
towel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for drying.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.
towline,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the steering of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the braking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the engine of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to the lights of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the chassis of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help to hold a vehicle's cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to the suspension of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the windshield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the exhaust system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's electrical system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spark plug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a signal to other vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seatbelt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the windshield wipers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashboard component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to the horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drive shaft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a muffler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the side mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the exhaust pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shock absorber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalytic converter?	Oracle said: No.
toy,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Correct.
trampoline,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for jumping.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or does it move?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: Correct.
trapeze,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for acrobatics.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a balance beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pommel horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gymnastics high bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of gymnastics rings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve ropes or cables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tightrope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a climbing frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single point of contact with the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trapeze?	Oracle said: Correct.
tray,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: It is usually made of metal	 wood	 plastic	 or glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Generally indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold utensils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually circular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: Correct
tricycle,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by human power?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have one wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have three wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tricycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
trident,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for piercing or holding.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill bit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object hand-held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp on only one end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surgery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in metal working?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to break things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a blacksmith?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by gardeners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to inflict damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fencing sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle for injecting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to farming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for piercing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for self-defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool used for piercing and holding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for piercing things?	Oracle said: Yes.
tripod,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for opening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support for another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stand for a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a picture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a TV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for holding a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stand for holding something in a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stand for an outdoor sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stand for holding a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stand for holding a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stand for holding a statue?	Oracle said: No.
trombone,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of brass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: Correct
trouser,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a man-made object?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is typically smaller than a human.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape	 or is it amorphous?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with sports or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by construction workers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants work pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a specific type of outdoor pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants typically considered to be for casual wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants khaki pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants corduroy pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a type of athletic wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a pair of capri pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of culottes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of yoga pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a type of fashionable pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of running pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wide-legged pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No
trumpet,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tell time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object receive or transmit radio waves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a string instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: Correct.
trunks,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the clothing?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a blindfold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have any straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the clothing?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cloth used for protection?	Oracle said: No.
tub,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.
tuba,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: Correct.
turban,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a specific profession or character?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What profession or character uses the object?	Oracle said: It is used by a character.	Guesser said: Is the character a superhero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character a historical figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character a fictional character from a movie or TV show?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character a fictional character from a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a head covering for a mascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a religious costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the character a nun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kippah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character a priest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character a pilgrim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the decorative features intricate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wimple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character an executioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hijab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a burka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the character a member of the clergy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceremonial headdress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ceremonial headdress associated with a specific culture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the culture a Western culture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the culture an Asian culture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the headdress involve a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rounded shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Kasa hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Sikh turban?	Oracle said: Correct
turntable,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play records.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object contain plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object contain metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have electrical components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Correct
turtleneck,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a specific type of shirt	 like a t-shirt or a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a type of shirt with a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have long sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a blend of materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt designed for outdoor work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt designed for formal occasions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt casual wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a rugby shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a work shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a type of shirt that is often worn in the fall or winter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a pullover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a crew neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a v-neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sweater have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a turtleneck?	Oracle said: Correct
tux,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long-sleeved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fasten in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object buttoned?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved button down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it the jacket of the suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it the vest of the suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the pants of the suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a military uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a school uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have lapels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sport coat?	Oracle said: No.
tuxedo,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing item a jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the jacket?	Oracle said: Formal.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a tuxedo jacket?	Correct.
typewriter,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to transmit or receive information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use wires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telegraph machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a two-way radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending and receiving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a directional antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger communication system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to convert one form of energy into another?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for display or for a structural purpose?	Oracle said: For a structural purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for a communication device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object perform a calculation or process data in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metallic housing for other components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the enclosure for a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breaker box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a junction box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal case for electrical equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a control panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal box for storing tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for outdoor use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to house electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal office cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a server rack?	Oracle said: No.
ukulele,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for making music.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: Correct.
umbrella,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shelter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made to protect something from weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in a workplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with camping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sporting activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from dust or debris?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something during transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to healthcare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to military or defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shape	 other than rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover shaped like a dome?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent or translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for outdoor electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather protection device for a specific location or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dome for protecting a specific area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective dome for an outdoor security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized protective garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No
undercoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a down coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat water resistant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat designed for a specific purpose	 like work or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a fleece jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a bomber jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a puffer coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a leather jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a denim jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat long-sleeved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat designed to be worn by people of all genders?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a fleece coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a duster coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat designed primarily for fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat intended for light weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat used for construction or labor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a carhartt coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat designed to provide warmth in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of corduroy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a blend of materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a rain coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a leather coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a blend of wool and a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No
underpants,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing primarily made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing worn on the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing undergarments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments a pair of long johns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the undergarments a pair of panties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the material of the panties thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the panties white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color are the panties?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the panties a common color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the panties blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties pink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties gray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a solid color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of red?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of yellow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of purple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of orange?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a print or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a beige color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a light color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a dark color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a mid-tone color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the color of the panties a common color for cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the panties a pastel color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a muted color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a vibrant color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a natural color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the color of the panties close to a color found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of tan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the panties a shade of olive?	Oracle said: No.
undershirt,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is it clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material it is made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have long sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeveless shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a short sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the midriff?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it cover the shoulders?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a crew neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a V-neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scoop neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a boat neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the neck of the shirt very wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any kind of design or decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a long-sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt go past the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tight-fitting shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a loose fitting shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a form-fitting shirt?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a muscle shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a undershirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment primarily used by women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment a pair of briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment a jockstrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a singlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it long johns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Speedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the undergarment a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear that covers the legs to some extent?	Correct.
unicycle,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have one or more wheels?	Oracle said: One or more.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have handlebars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a roller skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a unicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
uniform,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond just being worn	 like protection or decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Correct
urinal,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To collect urine.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a natural material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: Correct.
urn,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative container for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object hold liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative flower pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative urn?	Correct.
utensil,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cooking or eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Correct.
vase,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: Correct.
vent,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object structural?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the frame of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roofing material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a mechanical system within the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the electrical system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the plumbing system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an HVAC system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat exchanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent?	Oracle said: Correct
vest,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer layer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: Correct.
violin,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of the building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the moving part?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to temperature control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to separate spaces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a violin?	Oracle said: Correct.
visor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have lenses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the frame?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Are the curved parts of the frame connected?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: Correct
wagon,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle require a road to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used to transport goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle pulled by a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on train tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the vehicle's source of power?	Oracle said: It does not have a source of power.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle pulled by another vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle pulled by people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle moved by wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a large construction vehicle	 such as a dump truck or a cement mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct
waistband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold up clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a loop.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric woven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loop of rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect two things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the process of securing clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button loop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loop on a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loop on a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt loop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loop used to secure a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loop on a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loop on a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any elasticity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get stretched or pulled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the purpose of closing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bungee cord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elastic band on underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment that covers the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of trousers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elasticated waist band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspender loop on trousers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.
waistcoat,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men	 women	 or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a button-down sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button-down blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib overall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a waistcoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallboard,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To cover walls.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object wallpaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any adhesive properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the board made of cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall panel made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall panel made of plaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall panel made of drywall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of drywall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or patterns on its surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soundproofing wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object insulation for a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall panel used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object unfinished?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object painted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the inside of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the outside of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pre-fabricated wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific type of room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a basement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire resistant panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a utility room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a corridor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the panel provide any specific function beyond covering walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textured wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a standard wall panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel for a drop ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel for a cubicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a partition wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a section of drywall partition wall.	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of leather	 fabric	 or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
wand,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for a specific purpose.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical item used in a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hobby a craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hobby a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hobby a game of skill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to reading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to model building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a woodworking tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model railroad tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby related to painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a hobby that involves manipulating wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a dollhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any special skills or equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a child's toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a hobby that is related to collecting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool for a hobby that uses the object in the creation of other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for whittling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool for building something out of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bead used for making jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a craft kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a hobby that requires a manual for its use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden item that is used in the creation of other decorative items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in making models of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden block used for a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wooden game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game or hobby where you have to measure something?	Oracle said: No.
wardrobe,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cedar chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items related to sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footlocker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Correct.
washbasin,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for containing liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic container for a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water basin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the water basin used for washing hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washbasin?	Oracle said: Correct.
washboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plunger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dustpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cleaning automobiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes drying rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubbing tool for dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used to clean a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of handle with a cleaning cloth attached?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific surface	 like a mirror or a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the interior of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific type of object or area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning tool used on floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning tool for the interior of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean blinds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning a hard surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean upholstered furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used to clean a chimney?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used to clean something that is not a hard surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of chemicals or soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of brush?	Oracle said: No
washbowl,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulator for electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a ceramic jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bowl?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the bowl have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bowl have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl part of a set of dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used for holding liquids in a process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a crucible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in a kitchen for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used for mixing chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in the food processing industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in a pottery studio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in an art studio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a ceramic sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used for industrial processes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used to hold water for other materials to be added to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used for preparing pottery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in a science experiment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl an ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl part of a religious practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl part of a spa treatment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used in a bath?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a ceramic bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a ceramic container for bath salts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a ceramic container used in a salon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used to mix liquid soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bowl used to mix plaster?	Oracle said: No.
washcloth,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for comfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object absorb liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used for dusting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct
washrag,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth made of microfiber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean countertops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used to clean the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct.
washstand,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: Bathroom	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a water supply?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing one's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small and handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require soap to be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing one's hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wash basin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object permanently installed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cleaning device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by multiple people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would hold in your hand to wash with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of shampoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of body wash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to dental hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object reusable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pumice stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld shower sprayer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a back scrubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber duck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shampoo brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to bathing children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to exfoliate the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.
washtub,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canteen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cauldron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would typically take with you when traveling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a plumbing system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food or beverage storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with first aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird feeder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large enough to hold a substantial amount of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.
wastebasket,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What are some of the colors of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: Is the object generally found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be carried?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for disposal of small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct opening at the top for inserting waste?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for disposal of paper waste?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object called a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waste paper basket?	Oracle said: Correct.
watchband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a workshop or factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fastener a clasp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clasp used on clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp part of a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp part of a watch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clasp made of steel?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the watch a wristwatch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch a pocket watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp made of silver?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the watch part of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch part of a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch part of a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch designed to be worn on a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch a component of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp part of a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch used in a scientific setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch used by military personnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch a novelty item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp a part of a key chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp a part of a locket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp a part of a money clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp a part of a piece of luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch a component of a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clasp a component of a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.
weeds,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Green.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a leaf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fruit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of moss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily found underground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object edible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of algae?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the plant that helps it get sunlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the plant that helps it get water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the plant that provides support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the plant that provides food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lichen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of spore?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a branch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a plant that helps it reproduce?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a berry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a plant that attracts pollinators?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the plant that disperses seeds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of moss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seed pod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of algae?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fungi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spore?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lichen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leaf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the fruit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the root?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the plant that holds the seed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a seedling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprout?	Oracle said: No.
wheel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To facilitate movement.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of rubber.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land	 in water	 or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Correct.
wheelbarrow,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large surface area for holding things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: Correct.
wheelchair,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide mobility.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: Correct.
whetstone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for grinding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whetstone?	Oracle said: Correct.
wig,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It can be smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To change the appearance of the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.
windowpane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To let light in.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pane of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass in a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass used in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass a skylight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass part of a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block in a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel in a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window on a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a solar panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass table top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a safety glass panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object tinted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the exterior of the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of cladding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel used in a building's facade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object structural?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass curtain wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specialized type of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the glass heat-treated?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the glass provide any insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a commercial building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a residential building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel for a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass railing panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass roof panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass facade on a sunroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a structural glass panel for a balcony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of tempered glass?	Oracle said: No.
windowsill,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden support structural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an interior window sill?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an interior window sill.	Oracle said: Correct.
windscreen,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect from weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect from sunlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct.
windshield,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To protect the occupants of a vehicle from the elements and provide visibility.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct
wineglass,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a drinking glass.	Oracle said: Correct.
wire,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a specific document or piece of information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve electricity in its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger device or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for receiving radio waves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sound in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a network?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a circuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a connection between two things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: Correct.
wok,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: Correct.
wool,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a source of heat that does not require electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would hold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a campfire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something one would wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use the sun to provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object warm things up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire pit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a source of insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passive heating system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated outdoor swimming pool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that could be found on a beach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object exist in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a geothermal vent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot spring?	Oracle said: No.
workbench,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a stable surface for working on projects.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 in general terms?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbench?	Oracle said: Correct
workbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stack of index cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object bound together in some way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a booklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for business?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a checkbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep track of money?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ledger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tax form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a business?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a contract?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a price list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for inventory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of blueprints?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the writing on the object have to do with money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the writing on the object informational?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a student?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an image on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a logbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a questionnaire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is generally given out for free?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.
workstation,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: What kind of work does it perform?	Oracle said: It performs work.	Guesser said: Is the work the object performs mechanical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the work the object performs electrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the work the object performs chemical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the work the object performs related to data processing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a desktop computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the desktop computer a gaming computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a work computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a personal computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the computer?	Oracle said: I am not a computer.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silicon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the computer a desktop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the computer a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the computer a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the computer an all-in-one?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the computer a server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object inside a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an external hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a webcam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset?	Oracle said: No.
wristband,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The wrist.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bracelet used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitness tracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in running?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in baseball or softball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in hockey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport with a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for identification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific team?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a water sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to rock climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to weightlifting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport that involves a track?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timing device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by track and field athletes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the officials of a track and field event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sport the object is related to involve running?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sport the object is related to involve jumping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sport the object is related to involve throwing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sport involve any sort of movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristband used in a sport that involves skating?	Correct.
wristwatch,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristwatch?	Oracle said: Correct.
xylophone,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a basement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laundry room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an attic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a storage room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object mechanical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a library?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require maintenance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the musical instrument a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: Correct.
yearbook,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record memories.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the binding of the book like?	Oracle said: It is a bound book.	Guesser said: Is the book a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book contain primarily text or images?	Oracle said: Primarily images.	Guesser said: Is the book a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the book?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the book have a hard cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reference book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a children's book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a collection of short stories or poems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a cookbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book contain photographs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain illustrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book an art book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it related to a specific historical event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a travel guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book related to hobbies or crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book related to a specific person or group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a biography?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a yearbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
yoke,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is curved.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose related to containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors in a natural setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction or woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to a sport or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool relate to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for shaping or manipulating other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for opening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for closing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool create a spark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool make use of electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to make something smaller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for hitting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for holding or gripping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for applying pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in farming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a handle for a larger tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the plow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the wooden part of a plow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden handle for a plow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the curved wooden part of a plow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plow share?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoke?	Oracle said: Correct.
zipper,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object bend?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric part of the object used to protect or cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object used to fasten things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent peg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object a hook of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: Correct
airplane,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle an airplane?	Oracle said: Correct
airship,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the most common material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to move through the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object lighter than air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a zeppelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dirigible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dirigible still in use today?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used in World War I?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used in World War II?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for surveillance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for observation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used for training?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used to carry cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Was the dirigible used for experimental purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Did the dirigible have a rigid frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the *USS Macon*?	Oracle said: Correct
ambulance,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have more than 4 wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the maximum number of wheels the vehicle has?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have tracks instead of wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a military vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for emergency services?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle an ambulance?	Oracle said: Correct.
ammunition,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a form of transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handled by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently exposed to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be moved from place to place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in your pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 decorative metal figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal detector?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal fidget toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metallic zipper pull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metallic charm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dog tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold pills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage of small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal lighter case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal match case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal money clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 metal music box?	Oracle said: No.
amplifier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To amplify.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of energy?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in radio communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in audio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amplifier for an instrument?	Correct.
antenna,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a telecommunications infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a fiber optic network?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal antenna?	Correct.
audiotape,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object	 in terms of its length?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal use or public use?	Oracle said: Personal use.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in one's hand during use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home entertainment system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a smart home system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speakerphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable music player	 like an MP3 player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small	 rectangular piece of plastic that is used to control another device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VCR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an answering machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the internet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio cassette?	Oracle said: Correc
automobile,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed to travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a commercial vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car commonly used by individuals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a sports car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car an SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a hatchback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a coupe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the car?	Oracle said: It has four wheels and a rectangular body.	Guesser said: Is the car a minivan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a convertible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a crossover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What year was the car manufactured?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the car have a large cargo area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car known for its fuel efficiency?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car known for its size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car known for its reliability?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car known for its speed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have a small engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have a large engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car designed for off-road driving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car considered a luxury car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a compact car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a mid-size car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car an electric vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a hybrid vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car commonly used for family travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the car is a sports utility truck.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the car have a trunk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the car a two-door car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a four-door car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a three-door car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the car have more than four doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the car is a convertible.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the car have a sunroof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a hardtop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car a fastback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the car an extended-cab pickup truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the car is a coupe.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.
barometer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It measures atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
battleship,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in naval combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a deck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.
bazooka,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon typically used in warfare?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a projectile weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a human to operate it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a trebuchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship-mounted gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon designed to be carried by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a type of sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a machine gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pistol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a shotgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a grenade launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sniper rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a flamethrower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a revolver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gun use bullets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the gun use a magazine to hold the bullets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gun have a long barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a derringer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a musket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun an automatic pistol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a flare gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gun use a cartridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gun use a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gun shoot any kind of projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gun propel its projectile with the use of an explosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart gun?	Oracle said: No.
beeper,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 relative to a human? (e.g.	 smaller	 larger	 about the same)	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound the object makes an intentional part of its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound produced by striking the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound produced by air being forced over or through the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound produced by a mechanical action?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a noisemaker	 such as a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to security or safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce a distinct	 single tone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to timekeeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a spring or other mechanism that produces the sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to games or sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound created by the object a high pitch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's sound used to signal something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound produced by a button or lever being pressed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be interacted with by a user or is it part of a larger process?	Oracle said: It is part of a larger process.	Guesser said: Does the object's sound indicate the completion of a process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer	 such as one used in a quiz show?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vending machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object's function involve electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound as a warning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manually operated signal device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a system for managing time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sound relate to the operation of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the machine have a mechanical operation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound related to the operation of a computer or other electronic device?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a game console or arcade machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sound signal that an electronic device is starting up or shutting down?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound the result of a malfunction?	Oracle said: No
blowtorch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to join things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten or secure things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be hit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to apply force to something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plumb bob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in farming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly purchased at a hardware store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a pathway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scaffolding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.
boiler,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a building's plumbing system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity to heat water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system for heating water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boiler?	Oracle said: Correct.
bomb,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause destruction.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be launched?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: Correct.
boxcar,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object run on a track?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in mining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object open topped?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for transporting goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by multiple businesses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a port?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport coal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coal car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts other than the wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a railroad?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport coal from a mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport coal to a power plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hatch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hopper car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sloped bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a covered hopper car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed to transport coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to transport coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport multiple types of goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the process of generating electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxcar?	Oracle said: Correct.
breathalyzer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for imaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for treatment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for monitoring a patient's vital signs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of medical equipment that is not used directly on a patient?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an x-ray machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to analyze samples?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a centrifuge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a laboratory analyzer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to sterilize other medical objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for diagnostics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store diagnostic results?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to blood analysis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to analyze urine samples?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a pathology lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help a doctor see inside a patient?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the size or shape of a body part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that could be found in a dentist's office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare samples?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of diagnostic equipment used to measure something physical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure blood pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure body temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an ECG machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assess the patient's nervous system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure a patient's vision?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device that provides a visual output?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a doctor to look into a patient's eye?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a doctor to look into a patient's ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an endoscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the treatment of skin conditions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diagnostic tool used by a doctor to examine a patient's throat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device used to examine a patient's lungs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment found in a doctor's office?	Oracle said: No.
bullet,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be fired from a gun.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: Correct.
burner,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce heat.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stovetop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camp stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to heat food directly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a flame to produce heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood-burning stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with fuel that is a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blowtorch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerosene heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camping lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fuel for the object a gas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bunsen burner?	Correct.
bus,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object significantly larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.
buzzer,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object battery powered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer?	Oracle said: Correct
camcorder,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record video.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the video camera a handheld camera?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the video camera a camcorder?	Oracle said: Correct.
camera,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To take pictures.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Correct.
candle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Can the object be used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g.	 small enough to fit in a pocket	 larger than a car	 etc.)	Oracle said: Larger than a pocket.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or for structural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for hitting or striking something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the force applied by the object? Is it for demolition	 shaping	 or something else?	Oracle said: Demolition.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by construction workers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to break rocks or concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for splitting wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a broad	 flat striking surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrecking bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to break things down into smaller pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool that is operated by a person swinging it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's striking action caused by a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an explosive force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a demolition charge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jackhammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a demolition hammer used with an excavator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the explosive force caused by the rapid expansion of gas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in mining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a powder-actuated tool	 also known as a powder-actuated fastener	 or a stud driver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to install or remove rivets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a controlled demolition device used to take down structures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a firing range?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a target?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used in an explosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a claymore mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to detonate other explosives?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct
cannonball,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for sport or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of artillery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a howitzer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of projectiles does the object launch?	Oracle said: Cannonballs.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in modern warfare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in naval warfare?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship-mounted cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a siege engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fortification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What era was the object used in?	Oracle said: It was used in the past.	Guesser said: Was the object used before the 20th century?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific historical event or period?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with the American Civil War?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with the age of sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carronade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large gun used on a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swivel gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar used on a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a culverin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a coastal defense system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to attack other ships?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object mounted on a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a naval gun used on a small vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a naval gun on a very large ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a fleet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a privateer ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chase gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun used on a pirate ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a naval gun used during a time of conflict?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun used on a merchant ship for defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun used for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoy gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to launch projectiles a long distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of early cannon designed for greater range?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to launch projectiles over a short distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blunderbuss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swivel gun used on a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to inflict damage at close range?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a naval gun that is used to fire at another ship?	Oracle said: No.
car,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.
cartridge,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized screwdriver bit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a sewing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a printer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the printing mechanism itself	 rather than a part of the casing or support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a print head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the ink delivery system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nozzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring within the ink delivery system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metallic component that helps direct ink flow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the ink cartridge?	Correct
cassette,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or dials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific brand or model of audio recording device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger system or set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately 4 inches by 2.5 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: Correct.
chainsaw,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting	 like an office or a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool hand-held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw used for cutting wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a bow saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a crosscut saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a pruning saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a coping saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a hacksaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a frame saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a rip saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw a two-man saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw used for cutting metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the saw used to cut trees?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw a chainsaw?	Oracle said: Correc
compass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To determine direction.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.
computer,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Correct.
defibrillator,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the tool?	Oracle said: To save lives.	Guesser said: Is the tool used by emergency services?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the tool battery powered?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a defibrillator?	Oracle said: Correct
detonator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To initiate an explosion.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a detonator?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishwasher,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning tool used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scouring pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal scrub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized cleaning tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use chemicals for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean ovens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean grills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean kitchen appliances?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stainless steel cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a degreaser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object spray?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove top cleaner spray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher cleaner?	Correct.
doorbell,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To signal someone.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: Correct.
dryer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To dry things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes dryer?	Oracle said: Correct.
dumbwaiter,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items between floors.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbwaiter?	Oracle said: Correct.
earphone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld gaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a charging device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that makes noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger electronic system	 like a home theater setup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable media player designed to be worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitness tracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a virtual reality headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object glasses	 such as smart glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic necklace or pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an earbud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital watch that is not smart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure any biological data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small device that is used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a voice activated recording device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you wear to listen to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bone conduction headphone?	Oracle said: No.
earpiece,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain or hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To listen.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the internet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of assistive listening device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a business setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a listening device used for law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gaming system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device for taking notes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an answering machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone earpiece?	Correct.
eggbeater,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mix ingredients.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mixing bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a masher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a muddler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rolling pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cocktail shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato peeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long	 thin shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for stirring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dough scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other objects to mix ingredients?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a salad spinner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing dough?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dough hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pastry blender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a stand mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rotating motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rotary egg beater?	Oracle said: Correct.
elevator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or objects between different levels of a building or structure.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a freight elevator?	Correct.
engine,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide power.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or does it move?	Oracle said: It moves.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object generate electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a power grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have blades or vanes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the extraction of resources?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel array?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the combustion of fuel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a power plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large engine?	Correct.
ferry,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a passenger ferry?	Correct.
ferryboat,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle that travels on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a passenger ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fishing vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a military ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship used for transporting cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a research vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship used to extract resources from the ocean?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a recreational boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a governmental vessel	 such as a Coast Guard ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a ferry?	Oracle said: Correc
film,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie animated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a comedy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a drama?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie based on a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a classic?	Oracle said: I am not a book.	Guesser said: Is the movie from the 21st century?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie a romance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a war drama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a biographical drama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie about history?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a thriller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie set in the United States?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the movie have a large ensemble cast?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie a courtroom drama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a crime drama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a drama about family relationships?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the movie have a high budget?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the movie considered to be critically acclaimed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie based on a play?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the movie involve a mystery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie a mystery drama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the movie have elements of science fiction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie Arrival?	Oracle said: Correct.
flamethrower,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for striking things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed for use by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for gripping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to apply force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the tool have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for prying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool primarily used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand drill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tighten or loosen something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move earth or other similar materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for turning something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to break something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a locking mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for the maintenance or repair of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade or cutting surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to fasten or hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come to a point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging or breaking up the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to apply force by striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove something?	Oracle said: Yes.
flashbulb,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in scientific experimentation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of safety equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the production of food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass art piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electronics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulator in an electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a light source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bulb or tube?	Oracle said: Bulb.	Guesser said: Is it a colored light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a frosted light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light bulb used for general illumination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light bulb used in a specific application	 such as a car headlight or a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light bulb part of a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light bulb part of a specialized device	 such as a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light bulb used in photography?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light bulb a flash bulb?	Oracle said: Correct
flashlight,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for building or construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create heat or energy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object battery-powered?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a trigger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to health or personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: Correct
floodlight,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a glass component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the metal?	Oracle said: It is silver.	Guesser said: Is the object a chandelier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spotlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floodlight?	Oracle said: Correct
fuse,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate or direct electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element on a larger object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a structural purpose within a larger object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape	 like a bar or a sphere?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a writing utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferrule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin in a mechanical pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal rod used in a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal dowel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal element on a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in plumbing?	Oracle said: No
gearshift,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move dirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer hitch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspension component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a license plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spark plug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car coupling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seatbelt buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad spike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sign post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a track for a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a roller skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal handrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a playground swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a car exhaust system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stop sign?	Oracle said: No.
gramophone,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	 wood	 and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held while being played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to amplify sound?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set	 such as a drum kit or a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that you strike to make sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a concert hall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument used in a band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to amplify sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuning fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a reed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to radio broadcasting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound reflector	 such as a parabolic dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound by using a crank?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hurdy-gurdy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a player piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve a handle or lever that the user rotates?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a calliope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phonograph?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand-cranked phonograph?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object use a needle or stylus to play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gramophone?	Oracle said: Correct
grenade,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cause an explosion.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal the object is primarily made of a reactive metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of an explosive material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the container?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the container have a mechanism to initiate the explosion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a detonator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: Correct.
handgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the firearm a pistol?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a modern pistol?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pistol black?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a Glock 17?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the make of the pistol?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a revolver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Sig Sauer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Colt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Beretta?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Smith & Wesson?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Ruger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pistol have a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hammer external?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a striker fired pistol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol single action only?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pistol use a magazine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a double-stack magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a 1911?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Hi-Point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in 9mm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in .45 ACP?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in .40 S&W?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in .380 ACP?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in .22 LR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in .38 Special?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in .357 SIG?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in 10mm Auto?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol chambered in a less common cartridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a subcompact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a full-size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the pistol have a manual safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a CZ 75?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol an FN Herstal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Springfield Armory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol an Astra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol an IWI?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Walther?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Taurus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Kimber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a SIG Sauer P226?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Canik?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Desert Eagle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pistol a Beretta 92?	Oracle said: No.
headlight,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light on a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
headphone,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical connection to another device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object earbuds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: The object's approximate size is small.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the ear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wired earbud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bone conduction headphone?	Correct.
hearse,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To transport something.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or many?	Oracle said: Many.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily on land	 water	 or in the air?	Oracle said: on land	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object typically have?	Oracle said: Typically has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically driven by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for delivering packages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting employees?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting things related to a company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitation truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object red?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object black?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct
heater,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object heat things up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Correct.
helicopter,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle used in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object propel itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: Correct.
hotplate,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat things.	Guesser said: Is the object plugged into an electrical outlet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface for heating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooktop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have controls for temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a built-in oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: Correct
houseboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the building a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a house.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the wood used in the house?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the size of the house?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the house a mobile home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a skyscraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house made of multiple stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a cottage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a log cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the house?	Oracle said: I am not a house.	Guesser said: Is the house a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a manufactured home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the house have a pitched roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the house have a flat roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a yurt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a tiny house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the house's style of construction?	Oracle said: I am not a house.	Guesser said: Is the house a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the primary function of the wood for structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wood used primarily for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wood used primarily for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the larger structure?	Oracle said: It is a part of the larger structure.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter from the weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shutter?	Oracle said: No.
hovercraft,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object generally stationary	 or is it designed to move?	Oracle said: It is designed to move.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for transportation on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used in water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for recreation or for work?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle an airship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle fly using rotors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use jets for propulsion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a fighter jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a commercial jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used to put things into space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a private jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have a fixed wing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have multiple engines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a seaplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bomber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle primarily used for agricultural purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a passenger transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for surveillance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a supersonic aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a cargo plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for firefighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for exploration or surveying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used to deliver mail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for search and rescue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have a unique or unusual design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle's purpose mainly for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a flying car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use tiltrotors or other mechanisms to achieve vertical takeoff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for training?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle use a single engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a very large aircraft?	Oracle said: No
hydrant,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide water.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: Correct
incubator,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a controlled environment for something.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical imaging device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of medical equipment used to store or administer medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object deal with light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized incubator?	Correct.
inhaler,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To assist with breathing.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nebulizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a respirator mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is inserted into the mouth or nose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouthpiece for an inhaler?	Correct.
intercom,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically carried on a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a speaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a microphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source other than batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to interact with a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home entertainment system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a security system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keypad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a two-way radio base station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a home security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to unlock a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to receive a signal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a base station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building's intercom system?	Correct.
jackhammer,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To break things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to break up rock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a demolition hammer?	Oracle said: Correct.
jeep,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a passenger car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specialized vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an armored personnel carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a missile launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it designed to move other vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it designed to carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to transport goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used by the police?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used by the fire department?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to transport people within a military base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Humvee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a transport vehicle for soldiers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a troop carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an armored vehicle for the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a medical transport vehicle for the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reconnaissance vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a communication vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a supply transport vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vehicle designed for a specific type of warfare?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a surface warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in amphibious warfare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in electronic warfare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank destroyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a self-propelled artillery piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to move supplies in a combat zone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tracked vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it designed to withstand heavy fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it designed to move troops into a combat zone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a military ambulance?	Oracle said: No.
jet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a runway for takeoff and landing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet?	Correct.
joystick,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To control movement or actions.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming controller?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the brand of the gaming controller?	Oracle said: I am not a gaming controller.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What system is the object a part of?	Oracle said: It is a part of a system.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the system the object is a part of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the system the object is a part of a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a joystick?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object natural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have speakers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recording device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object amplify sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger sound system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loudspeaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a concert hall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a stadium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a studio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a theater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public address system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to produce a specific sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use a rotating component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a siren?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts that produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object create sound by impacting another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to warn of danger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce a continuous sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on ships?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to call attention to something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound produced by the object loud?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a warning sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steam whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an industrial machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce a constant	 repetitive sound?	Oracle said: No
keyboard,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speakerphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for video calls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger communication system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a control panel for a communication system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide access to information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a router?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
keypad,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To input data.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cash register?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a control panel for a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized input device for a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trackball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barcode scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a point of sale terminal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keypad?	Oracle said: Correct.
lamp,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal	 glass	 and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function in modern technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily composed of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Correct.
lamppost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garden or yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to construction or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved from place to place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose related to communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large	 stationary machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade or shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue or monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger system or network?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a power grid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a power pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transformer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pylon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a substation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a high voltage transmission line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal pipe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipeline for oil or gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for water transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a sewer system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for irrigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport something that is not a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drainage pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a fire suppression system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cool machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the storage and transport of industrial chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buried metal pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a above ground pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an HVAC system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a culvert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chimney?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal ventilation duct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an airport?	Oracle said: No
landline,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Is the object used for long-distance communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it!	Oracle said: Correct.
laptop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: Is the object typically portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of various materials depending on the type of laser.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser pointer?	Correct.
lightbulb,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: Correct
limousine,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle that travels on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific model of car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the general public?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a large group of people at once?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a police car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have flashing lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a special license to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move heavy materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a racing environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.
locomotive,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on land	 water	 or air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a track?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a steam engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a diesel engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an electric engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a monorail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of metal is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for transporting cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for mining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a freight train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a passenger train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a construction setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the public?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a train used at an amusement park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for transporting people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport things that are not cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a logistical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it move shipping containers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport things that are not typically moved on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used in the rail industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it transport coal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coal train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the primary item it transports?	Oracle said: Freight.	Guesser said: Does it transport resources?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it transport oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport lumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for the transport of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport aggregate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport grain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport ore?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport refuse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport sand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a commercial setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it related to the processing of raw materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport minerals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it transport hazardous materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it primarily used in a specific industry?	Oracle said: Yes.
loudspeaker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from wood	 plastic	 and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger sound system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: Correct
megaphone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct
microchip,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Silicon.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in electronics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microchip?	Oracle said: Correct.
microcomputer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a computer.	Oracle said: Correct.
minibus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a manufactured one?	Oracle said: a manufactured one	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically move or remain stationary?	Oracle said: Move	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed for use on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of fuel does the bus use?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the bus used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the bus used for long-distance travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus designed to carry many passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bus used in an urban environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bus electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus powered by diesel fuel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bus a double-decker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus a school bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus a city bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tour bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used in a rural environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a charter bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for commuting within a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a transit bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used at an airport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shuttle bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specialized type of bus	 like for a specific company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus used by a private company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus typically used on a fixed route?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus used by a government agency?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used for transporting people to a specific place	 like an event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to transport people for a specific business?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the business a hotel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a business that caters to tourists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to transport people who work at a specific location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus used to transport people to a specific retail location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bus transport people to and from a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the business related to education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bus transport people to a place of work?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Does the bus primarily transport employees to and from their place of work	 operated by a company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used to transport people who are visiting a work place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bus go between different parts of the same company?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used for a university?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used by a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used by a distribution center?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used to transport people to a shopping mall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bus used for transporting people in connection to the military?	Oracle said: No
minivan,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed a car!	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object	 relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used recreationally?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed a van!	Oracle said: Correct
missile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To destroy targets.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon typically used on a battlefield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon designed to be fired from a distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a missile?	Oracle said: Correct.
motor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide mechanical motion.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motor?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorbike,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorboat,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the boat is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the primary purpose of the boat for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for water skiing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ski boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a motorboat?	Oracle said: Correct
motorbus,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I win!	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcycle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
mower,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut grass.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawnmower?	Oracle said: Correct
musket,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an outdoor setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for support or shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for throwing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for breaking things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to hunting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the activity to set up the trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gun a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a pistol?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a shotgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a musket?	Oracle said: Correct
odometer,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure distance.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical odometer?	Correct.
oscilloscope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the repair or maintenance of other objects?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object hand-held?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object generate heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade or cutting edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for welding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soldering iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lathe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a multimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air compressor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a 3D printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CNC milling machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a band saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot glue gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hydraulic press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandblaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an engine lathe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power sander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire stripper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint sprayer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a digital display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital caliper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital multimeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a level?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a 3D scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to monitor or control temperature?	Oracle said: No.
oven,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for holding or containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to audio or visual media?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: Heating.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the movement of air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat exchanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a heating	 ventilation	 and air conditioning (HVAC) system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger heating appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the heating element in a clothes dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object in an oven?	Correct.
pager,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a two-way radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone answering machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speakerphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a point-of-sale system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dictaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for video conferencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keypad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictation machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security system keypad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a teleconferencing microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom system component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: Correct.
pedometer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure steps.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pedometer?	Oracle said: Correct
penlight,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bulb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be plugged into an electrical outlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a work light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headlamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a penlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for voice communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed the object!	Oracle said: Correct.
phonograph,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play recorded sound.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size	 relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turntable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger entertainment system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play audio cassettes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antique?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use vacuum tubes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play sound through a needle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phonograph?	Oracle said: Correct
photo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To capture an image.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera obscura?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photographic plate?	Correct.
photocopier,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine used for heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to manufacturing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to organize information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transportation of people or goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vending machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a copier?	Oracle said: Correct.
photocopy,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have text or images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the document a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for taking notes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document used for financial transactions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopy?	Oracle said: Correct.
pistol,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking or hammering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger tool or machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dagger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something that explodes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spearhead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a push pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a straight pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to puncture something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill bit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for puncturing skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.
plane,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object lighter than air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a government entity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by an individual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary purpose exploration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for search and rescue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tourism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for humanitarian aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger plane?	Correct.
projector,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the tool?	Oracle said: To project images.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: Correct.
propeller,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the vehicle's exterior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal panel on the exterior?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the passengers of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the chassis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side view mirror housing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trim piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help direct airflow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a running board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for aerodynamic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deflector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect any of the vehicle's components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's exhaust system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the front of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the rear of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the side of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the top of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield wiper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the car's suspension system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component that would be found on the exterior of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that opens or closes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be folded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be rotated?	Oracle said: Yes.
radar,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to generate power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the tool?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar?	Oracle said: Correct
radio,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to computing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control another electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld radio?	Correct.
railcar,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods or passengers.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use tracks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the transport of goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a port or harbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mining cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system of transport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport materials within a factory or industrial plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with the transport of coal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mine cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transport of coal from a mine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a railway car designed to transport coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport the coal directly from the mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport coal to a power plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor belt system used to transport coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a rail yard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used in a rail yard to move or load coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized railcar used to transport coal?	Correct.
refrigerator,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or contain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temperature control?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Correct.
respirator,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and rubber.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in contact with a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to assist with mobility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prosthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to administer medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help with breathing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an inhaler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CPAP mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nebulizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouthpiece for a breathing apparatus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the breathing apparatus used by a medical professional?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a breathing tube used during surgery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a respirator?	Correct.
revolver,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the firearm a handgun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handgun a revolver?	Oracle said: Correct.
rifle,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for striking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for holding or gripping something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for shaping another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for applying force?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to create something new?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to disassemble something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to provide light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool related to surveying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a sport that involves a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a sport that involves water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a sport that involves a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in a sport that involves equipment and competitors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to propel a person or object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for a target-based sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a part of a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trigger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the gun's sights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gun itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gun a compound bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gun a rifle?	Oracle said: Correct.
robot,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To perform tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for processing information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a factory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a robot arm?	Correct.
rocket,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on land	 water	 air	 or space?	Oracle said: Space.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft crewed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used for exploration or a specific scientific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft a probe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used for research or gathering data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used to observe celestial bodies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used to transport cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used for a commercial purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft launched from Earth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft designed to return to Earth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the spacecraft have a rocket engine?	Correct
satellite,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To orbit the Earth.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: Correct.
seaplane,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a plane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plane a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a military aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a private jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a small	 single-engine aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a biplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plane a seaplane?	Oracle said: Correct
searchlight,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a flame to illuminate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a searchlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
sedan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of a vehicle's chassis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an engine component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle's suspension system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's braking system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on the exterior of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tailpipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle that helps direct its movement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the vehicle's lighting system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the occupants of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roll cage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seat belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal support beam inside the vehicle's frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle that is used to protect against collisions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a license plate frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle that is designed to reduce its weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's exhaust system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the vehicle's air conditioning system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal trim piece on the exterior of the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the vehicle's engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the engine's fuel system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an exhaust manifold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's electrical system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalytic converter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the engine block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the flow of a liquid to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the vehicle's cooling system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's turbocharger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piston?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crankshaft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the starter motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rotating component within the engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drive shaft?	Oracle said: No.
seismograph,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure and record ground motion.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or portable?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to any external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seismograph?	Oracle said: Correct.
sharpener,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to computers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wastebasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut other objects besides paper or tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut threads or strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other purposes besides cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic model knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a grooming kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic knife used in a lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a craft knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic safety cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific task where cutting is required?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic stencil cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic seam ripper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic safety cutter?	Oracle said: No.
ship,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Correct.
shotgun,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to cut something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to join things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to manipulate other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to fasten things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon designed for close combat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a mace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a bludgeon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a flail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a spiked ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon made mostly of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon made mostly of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used offensively?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a morning star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a war pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a poleaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a tomahawk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon primarily used for stabbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon primarily used for blunt force trauma?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon primarily used for slicing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon part of a suit of armor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon designed to be swung?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon primarily used for parrying or deflecting attacks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used in sport?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a fencing foil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fencing epee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fencing sabre?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sport a combat sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used to hit a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used in a target sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used to strike an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sport an olympic sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the weapon have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weapon used for self defense?	Oracle said: Yes.
shredder,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To destroy documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a shredder?	Oracle said: Correct.
shuttle,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on the road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle travel in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the aircraft?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Does the aircraft have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the aircraft powered by jet engines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the aircraft propelled by propellers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the aircraft use a different form of propulsion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the aircraft use rockets for propulsion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a space shuttle?	Oracle said: Correct
snowmobile,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object	 compared to a common object like a book or a car?	Oracle said: Compared to a car.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an internal power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of transportation is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to move people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a windshield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a convertible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct
snowplow,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clear snow.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowplow?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to travel in space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the boat made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Are any of the materials metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat made of fiberglass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedometer,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be eaten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure volume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to build things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors frequently?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gauge part of a vehicle's engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gauge used to measure speed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a combination of metal and plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To water things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a water source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler?	Oracle said: Correct.
steamboat,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a motorboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a passenger ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in warfare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal enjoyment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large open deck area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on lakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amphibious vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to transport many people at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tour boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple decks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for transportation in a public setting?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the boat a water taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to travel on rivers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a riverboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the riverboat a paddle steamer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sternwheeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side-wheeler?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a side-wheeler riverboat.	Oracle said: Correct.
steamship,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sail boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used to transport cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for transporting passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used to transport vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a passenger ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a large ocean liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship used for short sea voyages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a river boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship used for coastal voyages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a small boat used to transport people between islands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial passenger ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the commercial passenger ship a cargo ship that also carries passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial passenger ship a research vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a coastal steamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship used for tourism?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a river boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a small boat used for tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a large ship that travels on the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a liner?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the ship have a large number of decks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship primarily used for long voyages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a cargo ship that also carries passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship designed for luxury?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship an ocean liner?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship used for transportation between continents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a liner?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a freighter that also carries passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship that carries a small number of passengers?	Oracle said: No.
stereo,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play audio.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other equipment to play audio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of equipment does the object need to play audio?	Oracle said: Speakers.	Guesser said: Is the object a receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a stereo system?	Correct.
stopwatch,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be worn on a wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grandfather clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stopwatch?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetcar,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a railway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rail car used for passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rail car a passenger car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car made of steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a modern passenger car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car from the steam engine era?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car from the diesel era?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car electric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car a subway car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car a light rail car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car a commuter rail car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car a high-speed rail car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car a vintage passenger car?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car used for long distance travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car used for short distance travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car used in an urban setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car painted a distinctive color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car part of a regional rail system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car primarily used in a tourist setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car primarily used for transporting people to and from work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car part of a public transit system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car a rapid transit car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car used on a monorail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the passenger car part of a light rail system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light rail car used in a city with a significant river or waterfront?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the light rail car run on tracks that are on the street?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light rail car powered by overhead electric lines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light rail car used in a city with a large university?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the light rail car used in a city with a large population?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the light rail car part of a modern system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a modern light rail passenger car.	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure built by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a metal framework	 like a scaffolding or industrial structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure used for power generation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support a road or railway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an oil rig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pylon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a large industrial machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control or regulate something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large piece of machinery used in mining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of farm equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used for surveying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or design?	Oracle said: It has a shape or design.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a spaceship or rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large	 specialized tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object perform a physical task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of construction equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a factory?	Oracle said: No.
submarine,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: Is the object generally stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To travel underwater.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: Correct.
supertanker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed the object.	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific activity or use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To signal.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic cone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light a safety light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction safety light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taillight?	Oracle said: Correct
tank,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to maintain roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a farming vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: Correct
tanker,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or an artificial one?	Oracle said: An artificial one.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be carried by a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the agricultural industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold liquid under pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for hazardous materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker car?	Correct.
taxi,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle that travels on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a red Ferrari?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used privately?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: Correct.
telegraph,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a wire or cable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telegraph?	Oracle said: Correct
telephone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline telephone?	Correct.
television,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic	 glass	 and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display visual information.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermometer,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a fiber optic cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window pane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a test tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of markings are on the object?	Oracle said: The object has markings that indicate temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: Correct
thermostat,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To control temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.
timer,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the most prominent material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring dry ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring liquid ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in baking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring ingredients in a drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for measuring the temperature of the food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a dial?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object display a measurement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: Correct.
tractor,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide power and traction at slow speeds for agricultural or construction tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: Correct
train,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
transponder,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or made of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: Single piece.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transmit and receive signals.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not primarily made of a single material.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object	 relative to a human? (e.g.	 smaller than a breadbox	 about the size of a car	 etc.)	Oracle said: Smaller than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for outdoor use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a modem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a router?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose within that system?	Oracle said: To transmit and receive signals.	Guesser said: Is the object a GPS receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio transmitter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an access point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visible lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object plug into a wall outlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a network switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of signals does it transmit and receive?	Oracle said: It transmits and receives radio signals.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger communication system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a transceiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to vehicle navigation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a telematics system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key fob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to satellite communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the receiver for a satellite radio system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tracking the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an emergency response system in the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an OnStar module?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a black box (flight recorder) for a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any external antennas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a GPS tracking device for the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication with a dispatch center?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by commercial vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sending or receiving information about the vehicle's location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to remote diagnostics for the vehicle?	Oracle said: No.
treadmill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: Correct.
trolley,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a roller skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a rickshaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chassis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the axle of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the engine of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the body of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the body of the vehicle a component that can move on its own?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the frame of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle pulled by something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it pulled by a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pulled by a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pulled by a train engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pulled by a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a cart?	Oracle said: No.
truck,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tow things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system used for towing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a winch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tow a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object battery powered?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to computers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object designed to look like?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy an electronic toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy for children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object interact with another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser pointer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use lights of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that can be used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control for a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device for controlling something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fidget toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tamagotchi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VR controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple electronic toy with buttons that interacts with another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any form of display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make physical contact with the user?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sex toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrator?	Oracle said: Correct.
videocassette,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play audio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond containment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to dispense something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal care?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a case for something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case designed to protect its contents from physical damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case for a specific device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case for a specific type of item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case for a small electronic item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case for something used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case designed to be carried?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case used for storing clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used for storing a collection of items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used for storing art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case for storing tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case for storing items related to crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case for storing an instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case designed to hold a specific size or shape of item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case designed to hold a cylindrical item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case designed to hold a rectangular or square shaped item?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the item inside the case thin?	Oracle said: Yes.
videotape,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To record and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VCR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately 7.5 inches wide	 4 inches tall	 and 1 inch thick.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital video recorder (DVR)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for professional purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable media player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a film camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an old style video player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital photo frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable audio recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of digital camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable media player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recordable device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank media device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Correct.
warplane,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a plane.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fighter jet.	Oracle said: Correct.
warship,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a warship?	Oracle said: Correct.
webcam,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To capture images and video.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used by professionals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: A webcam?	Oracle said: Correct.
whaleboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a ship used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a recreational ship	 like a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ship designed for exploration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ship used for carrying cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ship used for carrying passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a historic replica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a smaller vessel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dinghy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship used for leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship used in a marine environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship used in a river environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship used for rescue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that is a type of ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that is a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the ship involve the harvesting of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a whaling ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that is used to harvest kelp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that is used to harvest oysters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that is used to harvest fish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the harvest from the ship a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship harvest something from the seafloor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that collects water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice breaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden ship that is a lighthouse tender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden ship used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship powered by steam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship powered by sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship's purpose involve research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden lifeboat?	Oracle said: No
windmill,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To generate power.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hydroelectric dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use steam to generate power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that burns wood to generate power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator powered by a water wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What energy source does the object use?	Oracle said: Wind.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct.
woofer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It produces sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a portable speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a component of a larger entertainment system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the speaker part of a home theater system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a computer setup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a public address system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a standalone speaker used with a stereo system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the speaker a component of a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a component of a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the speaker used for professional audio applications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on its surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily black in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily white in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily silver or grey in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone handset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a doorbell system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a clock radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a part of an intercom system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a speaker for a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop speaker for a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable speaker	 such as a neckband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public announcement system speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gaming system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be placed on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of an alarm clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a component of a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a component of an answering machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visual display elements like lights or a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loudspeaker in a commercial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come with a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component in an old or vintage radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone base station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a surveillance system?	Oracle said: No
yacht,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood	 metal	 and fiberglass.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the vehicle travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily for recreational use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.