abacus,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To perform calculations.	Guesser said: What category would the object be classified in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Does the object typically reside in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hand-held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used in multiple locations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide rule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To perform calculations.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an abacus?	Oracle said: Correct	
accordion,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a music venue.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe organ?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a melodica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a reed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an accordion?	Oracle said: Correct	
album,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store audio recordings.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object record audio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set of components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book with a music recording inside of it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain the music recording within itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a music sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a player piano roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover or a case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be inserted into another device to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store audio recordings.	Guesser said: Is the object an album?	Oracle said: Correct.	
altar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a place of worship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a church?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a place where people gather for prayer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an altar?	Oracle said: Correct	
anchor,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To secure a vessel to the seabed.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used underwater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
anklet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is worn for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the ankle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anklet?	Oracle said: Correct	
anvil,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for shaping metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used with electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Does the object require another object to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anvil?	Oracle said: Correct	
apron,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people while they are cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven mitt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides protecting clothing?	Oracle said: It is used for cooking.	Guesser said: Is the object a chef's hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific part of the body does the object protect?	Oracle said: The front of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: Correct	
armchair,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in a building?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any cushions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden armchair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
armoire,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the cabinet made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the cabinet?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the cabinet?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a bedside table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the cabinet?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where in the room is this cabinet typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have mirrors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this cabinet designed to store valuables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this cabinet a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this cabinet used for clothing storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have any special features or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this cabinet a medicine cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store toiletries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this cabinet a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the special compartments?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a tallboy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have any glass components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bedside table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have more than one door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a sideboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this cabinet have a flat top surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this cabinet a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of special compartments does it have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a storage bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a piece of furniture that is used to store clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet tall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
armor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is typically larger than a human.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function beyond protection?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit of armor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
arms,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a human.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Body part.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object assist with gripping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It has a texture.	Guesser said: Is the object the foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object the thumb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the toes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of flesh and bone.	Guesser said: Is the object the shoulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object visible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the knee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object the ankle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function related to movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the bicep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How would you describe the object's weight?	Oracle said: It is not heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any protrusions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the fingers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the brain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the forearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the palm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object bend?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in grasping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the fingers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically covered with skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the palm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for balance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in fine motor skills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the elbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a nail on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the knuckles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object close to the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the shoulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an extension of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the elbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pulse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the hand?	Oracle said: No.	
artifact,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Artifact.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarcophagus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in religious practices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceremonial altar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a reliquary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for ritual objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where was the object originally found?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a censer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the worship of a specific deity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the condition of the object?	Oracle said: It is not new.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornerstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the offering of incense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ritual bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made for use by a specific group of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a libation vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for sacred liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary purpose to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sacred statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a burial ritual?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a funerary urn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a tomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific religious rite of passage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of religious jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a ritual related to death?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be touched?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grave marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a ritual that involves the deceased's belongings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a cleansing ritual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes or openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a burial offering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person could hold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any carvings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	
ashcan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the trash can?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the location of the trash can?	Oracle said: It can be located inside or outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To contain trash.	Guesser said: Is it a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would I typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold trash.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain trash.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold trash.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To contain trash.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To contain trash.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	
ashtray,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold ashes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a religious context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for display purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative urn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large ashtray?	Oracle said: Correct.	
asphalt,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a vehicle to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a path?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the path typically found?	Oracle said: On the ground.	Guesser said: Is the path narrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path made of gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the path have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a runway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path used by cars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the path a race track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the surface texture of the object?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: Is the path a bike path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a dirt road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a gravel road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a trail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function related to the vehicles that use it?	Oracle said: It is used for vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: Is the path for public use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the path have a speed limit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a private road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the path provide access to buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a side street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path an access road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the width of the path?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the path have a lot of traffic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a bus lane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a way to get from place to place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path used primarily for commercial vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a private road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path used by bicycles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
awning,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is this object found mostly indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific category does this object fit into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a shade sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small or large?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's key features?	Oracle said: It provides shade.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outside.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material it is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object an awning?	Oracle said: Correct	
axe,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: Correct	
backboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for a ball to bounce off of.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What sport is the object used for?	Oracle said: Basketball.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball backboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
backpack,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific textures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rock.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in schools outdoors  and at work.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wheelbarrow.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What are the materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: Fabric and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a single person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Used by a single person.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a backpack.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bagpipe,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood cloth  and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a complex shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held while being played?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the movement of air to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bagpipe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be played with.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Sport.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
balloon,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a balloon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bandage,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for covering wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a first aid kit.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place it in?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bandanna,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or cover the head or face.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire head and face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors can the object be?	Oracle said: The object can be many colors.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for recreational activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swim cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover any part of the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a balaclava?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to any other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the features of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an opening for the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to shade from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neck gaiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood that attaches to a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to another piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun shade for the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a durag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: Correct	
banjo,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a round shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object amplify the sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific brand name?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be played solo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be played while standing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
banner,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To display information or decoration.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is it a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is it a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is it a banner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barbell,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barbwire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To deter or prevent passage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some possible secondary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for security.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people or animals?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a cattle guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's linearity?	Oracle said: To create a barrier.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbed wire fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal barricade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to deter people or animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a security spike strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used to restrict access to a specific area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a road bollard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object usually deployed in a temporary or permanent manner?	Oracle said: Permanent.	Guesser said: Is the object a perimeter security fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to protect?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agricultural settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cattle grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect crops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect livestock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a livestock barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cattle fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deer fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used in construction of the object?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object used on farms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any gaps in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a post and rail fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the gaps?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To deter or prevent passage.	
baseboard,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the joint between the wall and the floor.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
basin,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stationary or can it be moved?	Oracle said: Typically stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the bathroom or kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used for washing.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the bathroom or kitchen is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other features?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding toothbrushes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a pet bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for cleaning products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small basin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
basket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a natural material.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bassinet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a baby.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be found primarily inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: What is the object's main category?	Oracle said: It is a type of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary materials are not relevant.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassinet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bath,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean oneself.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Household.	Guesser said: Does the object use water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bathrobe,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man made?	Oracle said: Man made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place it in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have any decorations or embellishments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a white embellished bathrobe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bathtub,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To bathe in.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
baton,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To direct or signal.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to send or receive information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic cone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a road flare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used at night?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the issuing of tickets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baton?	Oracle said: Correct	
bayonet,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found with a weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by archers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use in combat?	Oracle said: To stab.	Guesser said: Is the object a dagger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a rapier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: Correct	
bead,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a craft store.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beaker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a lab.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: Correct	
beanie,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beanie?	Oracle said: Correct	
bed,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific textures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To sleep on.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Correct	
bedding,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sleep.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Bedding.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: For sleeping.	Guesser said: Does the object have any filling inside of it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet insert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a comforter.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bedpan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for a bodily function.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is a curved shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bedpost,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the width of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object beyond support?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any shelves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically placed on?	Oracle said: A bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a footboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: A bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide any cushioning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide any additional features beyond support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed post?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bell,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of musical instrument is the object?	Oracle said: Percussion.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Correct	
bench,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: In what category would you place this object?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beret,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the hat?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Head	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the hat?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the hat?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a winter hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat used for sun protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a baseball cap.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the head.	Guesser said: Is the hat a type of helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bucket hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the objects secondary function?	Oracle said: It is used to keep the head warm.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a beanie.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the hat made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wool.	Guesser said: Is the hat a winter hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat used for sun protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beret?	Oracle said: Correct	
bib,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be considered jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect clothing from spills and stains.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily removed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bicycle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bifocals,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To correct vision.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass and plastic.	Guesser said: In what part of the body is the object used?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: Can the object be adjusted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's use active?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object called a bifocal?	Oracle said: Correct	
bin,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found inside and outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the physical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an outdoor storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used inside the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the lid?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
binder,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: In what location would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
binoculars,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To see things that are far away.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: Correct	
birdbath,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Garden.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blackboard,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and slate.	Guesser said: Does the object typically stay in one location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blacktop,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what general category would you place the object?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm done.	Oracle said: Correct.	
blanket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blazer,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where would I typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It can be made of many materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the jacket a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of being worn?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a matching set of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a suit jacket.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is a characteristic of the object that sets it apart from a suit jacket?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object typically considered fashionable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function beyond being worn?	Oracle said: It has no function beyond being worn.	Guesser said: Is the object considered casual wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tuxedo jacket.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn with other accessories?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during a specific time of year?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sport coat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose that would differentiate it from the previously guessed items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical price range of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any specific activity or event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dinner jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lining?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a department store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object considered outerwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a blazer.	Oracle said: Correct.	
blindfold,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the clothing item?	Oracle said: To cover the eyes.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blindfold?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blouse,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To cover the upper body.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the shirt typically worn?	Oracle said: On the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a formal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the shirt beyond covering the upper body?	Oracle said: I am not a shirt.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the shirt is worn in?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a workout shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the usual design elements on the shirt?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a graphic tee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a plain t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a button-up shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a scoop neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a muscle shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have any special features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a basic crew neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the most common use of the shirt?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the shirt typically purchased?	Oracle said: It is typically purchased at a clothing store.	Guesser said: Is the shirt worn casually?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a long-sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made for athletic activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scoop neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a V-neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a basic shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a fashionable garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a unique shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a baby tee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of neckline does the shirt have?	Oracle said: I do not know.	Guesser said: Is it a designer shirt?	Oracle said: No.	
boa,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Animal.	Guesser said: Is the object a snake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the snake?	Oracle said: It is not a single color.	Guesser said: What is the snake's typical habitat?	Oracle said: Tropical and subtropical regions.	Guesser said: What does the snake eat?	Oracle said: Meat.	Guesser said: Is the snake a constrictor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a boa constrictor.	Oracle said: Correct.	
boat,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bobsleigh,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fiberglass.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for one person or multiple?	Oracle said: Multiple.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sailboat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: Does the object have seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a train.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's main purpose  beyond traveling?	Oracle said: To compete in a sport.	Guesser said: Does the object have an open or closed top?	Oracle said: Closed.	Guesser said: Is the object used on an oval track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bobsled.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bodice,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To shape the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: In what room is this object typically found?	Oracle said: This object is not typically found in a room.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist cincher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides shaping the torso?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fasten in the front?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have cups?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the torso does the object primarily shape?	Oracle said: The chest and waist.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object typically cleaned?	Oracle said: It is typically dry cleaned.	Guesser said: Is the object a shapewear top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is shapewear!	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure on the bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be visible as outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist trainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object go below the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a longline bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any type of straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a torsolette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole with built in shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a smooth silhouette?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shapewear top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is shapewear!	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object offer back support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a built in bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object include any boning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a longline bra?	Oracle said: No.	
bonnet,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: Is it a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is it a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: Is it a bonnet?	Oracle said: Correct	
book,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookcase,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal or public use?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Is the object small medium  or large?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Correct	
booklet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the book's purpose?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a specific topic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the book's topic?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the book contain images?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a collection of essays?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used to learn a specific skill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book related to history?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book provide instructions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the information presented in the book?	Oracle said: Text.	Guesser said: Is the book a recipe book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a textbook.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the book have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Who is the intended audience for the book?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book for adults?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have illustrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a workbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the binding like?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the book a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a workbook.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the book used for school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a table of contents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the book contain definitions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the book?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book for self-improvement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a periodical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a manual.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the book related to travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book contain maps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reference book.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the book have a lot of pages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary audience of the book?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	
bookmark,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To mark a place in a book.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookmarker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To mark a place in a book.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of paper.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is this object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct	
bookshelf,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's common purpose?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an organizer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage shelf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate value of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cubicle organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain multiple compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter sorter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiered organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage of small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf with dividers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an in/out box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail sorter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made for documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an open front?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found near a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box with dividers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	
boomerang,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To return to the thrower.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boomerang?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boot,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is it a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is it a work boot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bootie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location where is it typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What color is the shoe?	Oracle said: I am not a shoe.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover or is worn on?	Oracle said: The foot.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location  where is it typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover or is worn on?	Oracle said: The foot.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover or is worn on?	Oracle said: The foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe typically worn for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a work boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function?	Oracle said: To protect and warm the foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a hiking boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location  where is it typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip-on shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sneaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object water resistant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	
bootlace,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing accessory.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it commonly found on a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects length?	Oracle said: It is variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something else together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects length?	Oracle said: It is variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something else together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a fixed location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	
bottle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bow,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To propel a projectile.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is it commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a forest.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bowl,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made from?	Oracle said: It is typically made from ceramic glass  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is this object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is this object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of this object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is this object a bowl?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bowtie,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What type of clothing is this object used on?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have threads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener used on lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of knot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knot a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the bow?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bow made of ribbon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bow on a package?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where on clothing would you find this bow?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow tie?	Oracle said: Correct.	
box,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It can be used for storage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in many places.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to store?	Oracle said: Various items.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bra,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct	
bracelet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is circular.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it typically worn on?	Oracle said: Arm	Guesser said: Is it a bracelet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
braces,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To correct teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In the mouth.	Guesser said: Is the object an appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental retainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental brace?	Oracle said: Correct	
brassiere,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support the breasts.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct	
breadboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To build electronic circuits.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer chip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a breadboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
breadbox,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location within a kitchen?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of items are stored inside the object?	Oracle said: Baked goods.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
breastplate,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found near roads or pathways?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a man-made structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect someone's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit of armor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breastplate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brick,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is red.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To build.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
briefcase,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location usually?	Oracle said: It is usually in an office or a business setting.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold loose items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose for the items it carries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brochure,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find the object?	Oracle said: Typically found in a public place.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
broom,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long thin shape.	Guesser said: Is the object found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and bristles.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bucket,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bugle,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is sound produced by the object?	Oracle said: By blowing into it.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys or valves?	Oracle said: Valves.	Guesser said: Is the object a French Horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific type of metal is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in orchestras?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a euphonium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object held when being played?	Oracle said: It is held in the hands.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in marching bands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baritone horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often seen in parades?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flugelhorn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the diameter of the bell of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in military bands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bugle?	Oracle said: Correct	
bullhorn,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To amplify sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In public spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object usually handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object most often used?	Oracle said: In public.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct	
burlap,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain or hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Is it a type of object?	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Burlap.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for storage and transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap sack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
button,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where can this object typically be found?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To fasten clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cabinet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camisole,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a pajama?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To aid in walking.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canister,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical category?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is it a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a metal thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object keep liquids cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or labels on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for specifically?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a canister?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canoe,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is it usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood or other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific purpose within the realm of transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood  aluminum  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: It does not have a power source.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canopy,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Architecture.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: Correct	
canteen,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquid.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a backpack.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object collapsible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a hydration reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide mouth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canteen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canvas,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be painted on.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cap,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a visor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cap?	Oracle said: Correct	
capsule,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function beyond containment?	Oracle said: To deliver medication.	Guesser said: Is the object an inhaler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicine dropper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical waste container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for topical application?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a nozzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into direct contact with the patient's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a catheter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come pre-filled with medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pre-filled saline flush syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the consistency of the medication it dispenses?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: Is the object a suppository?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object single use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a sterile package?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicated swab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the medication in powder form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dissolvable medical implant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object activated/used?	Oracle said: It is swallowed.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-use pre-filled medication packet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object dissolve quickly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to treat a specific condition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a throat lozenge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any flavor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dissolvable tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have to be swallowed with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a delayed-release capsule?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carafe,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids at a high temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to measure liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of liquid does the object hold?	Oracle said: It can hold liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a science lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: Correct	
cardigan,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object usually worn on?	Oracle said: The torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners such as buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carpet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: In what kind of building is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the rug?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the rug typically used for?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: Is the rug rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what room is this rug most commonly found?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found in a living room.	Guesser said: Is the rug thick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess that the rug is a decorative rug.	Oracle said: Correct.	
carpetbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a place where people keep their belongings.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the general category of this object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the handles on the object?	Oracle said: To carry the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a defined bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object open and close?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical material the object's handles are made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel tote?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for casual use or more formal use?	Oracle said: Casual use.	Guesser said: Is the object a weekender bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the handles long or short?	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the object a gym bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond carrying things?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper or closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any internal compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cosmetic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose beyond carrying things?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by men or women or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for carrying files?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carry-on bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a structured shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often have any additional compartments or pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	
carriage,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a trolley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a covered wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have windows?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetcar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond transportation?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in urban environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cart,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical color.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a caravan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on farms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical capacity of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transportation of liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific opening for loading and unloading?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a livestock trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport dry goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hopper trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an open-top trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry a specific type of cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of cargo is typically carried by the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a logging trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grain trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport oversized cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	
cartwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a sport's ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: Is the object a light show?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be held?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ride at an amusement park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object change its shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a movie screen.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object involve water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be interacted with by multiple people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a statue.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a show?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a parade.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be touched?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you enter the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to enter the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a train.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To move.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by many people at once?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: Two.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of roller blades?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by feet?	Oracle said: No.	
cashmere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has various colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's use case?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object yarn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover your body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people wear on their torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to provide warmth?	Oracle said: It is used to provide warmth by trapping air.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to a body?	Oracle said: It is worn on a body.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily put on and taken off?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a body warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific opening or is it a continuous piece of fabric?	Oracle said: It is a continuous piece of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond providing warmth?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: How is the object made?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oversized scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object sold?	Oracle said: It is sold by the yard or as a finished product.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of wool fabric intended to be worn not sewn into a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pashmina?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of store is it typically found in?	Oracle said: I am not a store.	
casket,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a funeral home or cemetery.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
catalog,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a library.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: Is the object a directory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of information is provided by the object?	Oracle said: Information.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cauldron,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose beyond cooking?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would one most likely find the object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used directly on a fire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cauldron?	Oracle said: Correct	
ceiling,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It provides shelter.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Building component.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cello,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is brown.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cellophane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To package things.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is this object typically made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To wrap things.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific size or is it variable?	Oracle said: Variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be sealed shut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic food wrapper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for sandwiches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for produce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for pre-packaged meals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for candy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for meat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for baked goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the plastic?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the food wrapper for chips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It is transparent.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a multi-pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag of cereal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the store would you find this object?	Oracle said: In the food storage section.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sealed plastic container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a frozen pizza?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a sandwich?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a chocolate bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roll of plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for a bag of chips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific size or is it variable?	Oracle said: Variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a food wrapper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sheet of plastic used for wrapping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic drop cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plastic sheet used for wrapping packages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object bubble wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is transparent.	Guesser said: Is it used to wrap items for shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific size or is it variable?	Oracle said: Variable.	Guesser said: Is the object shrink wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a commercial application?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Plastic.	
cement,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in various locations.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a material.	Guesser said: Is the material the object is made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: Is the object brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Gray.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: Construction sites.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cement?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chairlift,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the mountains.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I will guess the object is a Ski Lift.	Oracle said: Correct.	
chalice,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a church.	Guesser said: Is the object used for religious purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalice?	Oracle said: Correct	
chalkboard,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a solid material.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other objects to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
chandelier,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a base?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chandelier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chariot,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: In what type of location would this object typically be found?	Oracle said: On a battlefield.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden cart used to transport materials on a battlefield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a siege weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of battlefield is the object found on?	Oracle said: Battlefield.	Guesser said: Does the object require animals for movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stretcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport injured people on a battlefield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a chariot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
checkerboard,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a square.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Board game.	Guesser said: Is the object a chessboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Typically found in a game room.	Guesser said: Is it a Scrabble board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the game played with this object called?	Oracle said: Checkers.	Guesser said: I think the object is a checkerboard.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cheeseboard,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How thick is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used while cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object's shape?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an empty wooden container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the wood?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: I guessed the object!	Oracle said: Correct	
cheesecloth,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strain liquids.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the preparation of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both hot and cold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prepare coffee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the cloth a type of mesh?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cheesecloth?	Oracle said: Correct	
chessboard,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a game.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can you provide a more specific description of the game it is used in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pieces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chess board?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chinaware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To eat or drink from.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soup tureen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish a salad plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish round?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for individual servings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish a dessert plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a bread plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object deep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for eating or drinking.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shallow bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soup bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pasta bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teacup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	
chopstick,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for eating.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: Correct	
chute,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shapes or features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or hold things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a warehouse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelving unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move large items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dolly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any mechanical parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object lift things vertically?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose within the building?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object rely on its own power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cable or rope associated with its use?	Oracle said: No.	
cleaver,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object cut by using a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose other than cutting?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the blade attached to anything else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for farming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demolition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a putty knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with other tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaver?	Oracle said: Correct	
clipboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
cloak,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a closet.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific place within the closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep a person warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically worn on?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object beyond being worn?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeveless undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is this object most often worn?	Oracle said: Any season.	Guesser said: Is the object a body suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any embellishments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wife beater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hooded undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hood of the object detachable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hooded jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the hood made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	
clock,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home or office.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Timekeeping device.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mounted on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a clock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cloth,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To absorb or wipe something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or many?	Oracle said: Many.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a fibrous material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other objects to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car wash brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a location.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable cleaning object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable cleaning object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning or wiping.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wipe up spills?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust cloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
clothesline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hang clothes on.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes line?	Oracle said: Correct.	
coat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cobblestone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Gray.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object granite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock used for building foundations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock found in quarries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object limestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rough texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of rock used for paving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flagstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for walkways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object river rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a material used for retaining walls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object fieldstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinct markings or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of broken rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in gardens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides construction?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is riprap.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the usual weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sold by weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drainage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sharp edges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of crushed stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use in landscaping?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: I think the object is crushed granite.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture when wet?	Oracle said: It is rough.	Guesser said: Is the object used under patios?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object in relation to a standard brick?	Oracle said: The object is similar in size to a standard brick.	Guesser said: Is the object sold in bags?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fill in holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific names related to landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a base for concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in areas with high foot traffic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is crushed limestone.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object's color uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	
coffeepot,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make a beverage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to make a hot beverage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make coffee?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an espresso machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a French press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need a filter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drip coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use pods or capsules?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of mostly metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stovetop coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a built-in grinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual coffee maker that uses a filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker that uses pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a water reservoir?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heating element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-serve coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker that makes a pot of coffee?	Oracle said: Correct	
coffin,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for burial.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a cemetery.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cogwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transfer rotational motion.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an industrial environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the gear?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the gear within the larger machine?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the gear used to transmit power?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: What is the gear used for in the larger machine?	Oracle said: To transfer rotational force.	Guesser said: Is the gear a spur gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a manufacturing machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the gear?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that makes parts for something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a milling machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the gear connected to the other components in the machine?	Oracle said: It meshes with other gears.	Guesser said: Is the gear a small part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a CNC machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine that makes small metal parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gear have a keyway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the environment like around the gear?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the gear a bevel gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the relative size of the gear compared to the other gears in the machine?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the gear generate heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear made of hardened steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of machine is this gear typically found in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the gear used in an automated process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the gear have any special features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a component of a packaging machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of material is used in the machine that houses the gear?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the gear involved in a process that repeats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the gear have a high precision requirement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine used in the medical industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the gear have a very high ratio?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the gear found in a machine that welds parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a robotic arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear used in a machine that produces consumer goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a precision component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear typically found in a machine shop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine that creates or shapes metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear used in a machine that is found in a factory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that is part of an assembly line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear a precision component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gear found in a machine that is found in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that manufactures tires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the machine house more than one of the same gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear a part of a machine that makes engine parts?	Oracle said: No.	
collage,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display images.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It has a rough texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a collage?	Oracle said: Correct	
collar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is generally circular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: Correct	
commode,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic wood  and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for used diapers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for waste from a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commode?	Oracle said: Correct.	
condom,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To prevent pregnancy and the spread of sexually transmitted infections.	Guesser said: What is the object's material made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care.	Guesser said: Is the object a condom?	Oracle said: Correct	
cone,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in various places.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Geometric shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main use?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a cone.	Guesser said: Is the object a funnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a place where food is sold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic cone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
container,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's common location?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically kept on a counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: Correct.	
copier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object utilize ink or toner?	Oracle said: Toner.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
copybook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of book.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a library.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain images or illustrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond information storage?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reference?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an index?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of essays?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a periodical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used daily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scientific publication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of binding does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a bound binding.	Guesser said: Is the object a bound volume of magazines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object very long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ledger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a regular book?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: Is the object a large-print book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of information is primarily stored?	Oracle said: Text.	Guesser said: Is the object a historical document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have chapters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a periodical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a report?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a research paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manuscript?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects use case?	Oracle said: It is used for storing information.	Guesser said: What is the object's value?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of binding does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a bound binding.	Guesser said: Is it a reference book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain tables?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a title?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a ledger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for official use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a record book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lot of text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a government document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a lot of data?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a database?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a medical chart?	Oracle said: No.	
corduroy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used as clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is this?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond basic clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically worn by women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep you warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would wear to protect your eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for exercising?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by a child?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in the summer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn for formal occasions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	
corkscrew,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To open bottles.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is this object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a spiral shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a corkscrew?	Oracle said: Correct.	
costume,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home or a store.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose besides being worn?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It has a texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be considered fashionable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandeau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined neckline?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the neckline?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically form-fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How would you describe the object's style?	Oracle said: I can not answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object loose fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strapless top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the common materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: Fabric plastic  and foam.	Guesser said: Is the object a top designed to be worn in the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any function besides being worn?	Oracle said: No.	
cot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the fabric part of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for something to rest on.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the wooden part of the object?	Oracle said: It provides structure and support.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bench with a fabric cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object for the person using it?	Oracle said: To sleep on.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric part of the object designed to be easily removed and washed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How would you describe the object in terms of its physical form?	Oracle said: It is a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object's wooden components?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: Is the object a four-poster bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general style of the object?	Oracle said: It is a practical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeper sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a captain's bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Considering the description is the object most commonly found in a child's room  a guest room  or a master bedroom?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found in a child's room.	Guesser said: Is the object a toddler bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any storage features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a twin bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any assembly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a single bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the wooden and fabric parts?	Oracle said: The wooden parts support the fabric parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunk bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively low to the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toddler bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually include a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved around the room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rollaway bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Considering all the information  is the object a pallet bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object foldable?	Oracle said: Yes.	
couch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general location of the object?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for specifically?	Oracle said: Sitting.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cowbell,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To make a ringing sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is bell shaped.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: Is this object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a cowbell?	Oracle said: Correct	
cradle,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific function besides holding  does the object have?	Oracle said: It can rock.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for adults?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by a baby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden cradle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crate,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object's common location?	Oracle said: Storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the box?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this box?	Oracle said: In a warehouse.	Guesser said: Is it a shipping crate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crayon,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create art.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wax pigment  and binder.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a school.	Guesser said: Is it a crayon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crib,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a safe place for a baby to sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Correct	
crossbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to connect two or more points.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object provide structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found on a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanical function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chassis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a suspension system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object most commonly found on?	Oracle said: It is not commonly found on a vehicle.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: Is the object very small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found inside a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the side of a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manage traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object above ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a divider between lanes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily horizontal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speed bump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to direct traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of asphalt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painted line on the road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a crosswalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a groove or recess?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lane marker?	Oracle said: No.	
crossbeam,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the beam made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden two by four.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Other crossbeams.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a roof structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's position relative to the roof?	Oracle said: It is attached to the roof.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support a floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a floor joist.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be located indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for support.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the ground?	Oracle said: It can be on the ground.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden post.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to other objects?	Oracle said: It is attached to other objects.	Guesser said: What connects the object to other objects?	Oracle said: It connects to other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object held in place by nails or screws?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to supporting structures?	Oracle said: It is used to support structures.	Guesser said: Is the object a support beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object visible from outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the object support?	Oracle said: It supports weight.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden support beam for a porch.	Oracle said: Correct.	
crossbow,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use gunpowder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catapult?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require a person to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trebuchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use springs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It is used to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crowbar,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to move things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a crowbar?	Oracle said: Correct	
crutch,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To aid in walking.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in places where people may need assistance with mobility.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long shaft.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to aid in walking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a walker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to aid in walking.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a forearm crutch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cufflink,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object require any tools to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly attach two things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object commonly used with?	Oracle said: A shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any specific action to fasten something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used to fasten a shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have two parts that connect to fasten something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an indoor object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use pressure to fasten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and loop fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a sewing kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect two separate sides of a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and loop fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cup,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic glass  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a teacup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee cup?	Oracle said: Correct.	
curtain,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To block light.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: In what kind of location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cushion,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home on furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dagger,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To inflict harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object used in hand-to-hand combat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the knife have a sharp point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife used for stabbing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object most likely to be found?	Oracle said: It is most likely to be found in a place where weapons are kept.	Guesser said: Is it a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle of the knife made of a different material than the blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a combat knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of bone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hunting knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife used for combat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife primarily used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a trench knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the knife have a serrated edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a push dagger?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dart,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be thrown.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a game room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cue stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific name?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a pool cue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for competition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shuffleboard cue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ten-pin bowling ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn dart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dashboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the surface of the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a dashboard display?	Oracle said: Correct.	
deadbolt,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To secure a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a padlock.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a key to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a door lock.	Oracle said: Correct.	
decal,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Decorative.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be located on a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object a painted rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: On a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a painted mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose besides decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painted rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden gnome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a memorial stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the writing on the object permanent?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a street sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative weather station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative address marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative license plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the colors of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grave marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative house number?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	
deck,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play games.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or is it made up of multiple parts?	Oracle said: It is made up of multiple parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material are the parts of the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a card game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jigsaw puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a model kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a game of dominoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's parts?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a game of mahjong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the parts of the object decorated with images or words?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pack of collectible cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a set of rules or instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of flashcards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the images or words on the object?	Oracle said: To play games.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of game cards?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a set of game cards.	Oracle said: Correct.	
denim,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is blue.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Denim.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: On the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have belt loops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function beyond being worn?	Oracle said: It does not have a function beyond being worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a blue denim dress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
denture,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is it a full set of teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the mouth is the object located?	Oracle said: In the mouth.	Guesser said: Is it used for chewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of porcelain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a denture?	Oracle said: Correct.	
desk,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for work or activities.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: It is usually located in a room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object belong to the category of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
diamond,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can have many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gemstone.	Oracle said: Correct.	
diaper,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cloth paper  and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific  designated location in a typical household?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color(s) is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a typical use case for the object?	Oracle said: To absorb bodily fluids.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: Correct	
dice,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To generate random numbers.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a game environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a die?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dildo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Sexual pleasure.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Sex toy.	Guesser said: Is it a vibrator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dildo?	Oracle said: Correct	
disc,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Disc.	Guesser said: In what location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: It can be found in a player.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a floppy disk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Disc.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: It can be found in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game disc?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dish,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishrag,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth?	Oracle said: Correct	
dishtowel,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Does the object use soap or other cleaning agents with it's function?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for specifically?	Oracle said: It is used for wiping things.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: I am not a cleaning cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cleaning cloth used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: Correct	
doll,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play with.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is this object considered a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make noise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an art supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorjamb,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To support a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of wooden object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden door jamb.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorknocker,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for making a noise.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for making a noise.	Guesser said: Is it a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to make noise?	Oracle said: By being struck against a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten a door.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or does it work independently?	Oracle said: It works independently.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the door frame  the door itself  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object  relative to the door?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other objects does this object typically interact with?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hasp.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What type of movement does the object facilitate?	Oracle said: None.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical color.	Guesser said: Is the object a peg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a set  or is it usually a single unit?	Oracle said: Single unit.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hook.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep something closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gate hook.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple device  or is it complex?	Oracle said: Simple.	Guesser said: Can the object be opened and closed repeatedly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to the door and frame?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in combination with another object that fits into it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hasp.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object permanent or temporary?	Oracle said: Permanent.	Guesser said: Does the object require any tools for installation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to block something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found at the top or bottom of the door?	Oracle said: Neither.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door bolt.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent the door from moving at all?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a chain.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external force to keep the door closed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a screen door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door stop.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in combination with a lock?	Oracle said: No.	
doorpost,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be picked up by a human?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object touch the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's rectangular shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a threshold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to support the weight of the door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the header above the door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object load bearing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the structural support of the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm guessing the object is a wooden lintel.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed or covered?	Oracle said: Exposed.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function in supporting the door?	Oracle said: It supports the door.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pergola post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for a large opening in an exterior wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any visible markings or features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for an outdoor awning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post for a car port?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post with decorative carvings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object's markings indicate its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a load bearing post with markings indicating where to place a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am guessing that the object is a marked wooden post for an outdoor doorway.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorstep,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for entering a building.	Guesser said: Where would this object typically be located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a welcome mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the stone step?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the stone step a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stone step functional on its own?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stone step part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stone step part of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the stone step typically used for?	Oracle said: To step on.	Guesser said: Is the object a threshold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the stone threshold have any specific features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the stone threshold?	Oracle said: To provide a transition between the inside and outside of a building.	Guesser said: Is the threshold smooth or rough?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the stone threshold a common feature on older buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stone threshold a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stone threshold a specific type of stone?	Oracle said: I am not a stone.	Guesser said: Is the stone threshold part of a porch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the stone threshold?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a door step?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorstop,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To stop something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a wedge.	Guesser said: Is the object used to stop the movement of a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: Correct	
drape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The size varies.	Guesser said: What are some environments or locations where the object is commonly found?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in homes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in being indoors?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in being outdoors?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a thin or thick fabric?	Oracle said: Thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often moved around?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general cost of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used for covering something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun shade for a stroller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material's texture like?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object found outside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get wet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for privacy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function indoors?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object a privacy screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to provide privacy indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a room divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for indoors?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object block light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object block light from a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackout curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for privacy in a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	
drawers,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door or doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dress,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the sleeves?	Oracle said: To cover the arms.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men or women or both?	Oracle said: Women.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Correct	
dresser,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case?	Oracle said: To store items.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What types of items are typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelving unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bureau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used to construct the drawers?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where in a bedroom is this object most often found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedside table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object an armoire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a double dresser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drum,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a music room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drywall,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create walls and ceilings.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: Is the object brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object drywall?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dumbbell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To lift.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Exercise equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dustbin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would you classify the object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Correct.	
duvet,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is it made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is it used on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it found on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other uses besides sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the person sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a duvet cover?	Oracle said: Correct.	
earplug,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the ears from loud noises.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of foam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care item.	Guesser said: I think the object is earplugs.	Oracle said: Correct.	
earring,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose related to health?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a piercing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an earring.	Oracle said: Correct.	
easel,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a studio or classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is it used for art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any specific geometric shapes as part of its design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a drawing easel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
envelope,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically found in an office or home.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What items are typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: Letters are typically stored in the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stationary container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: Is the object a document holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a paper tray.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in schools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep documents organized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a manila envelope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eraser,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To remove marks.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a school or office.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil eraser?	Oracle said: Correct	
eyeglass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object an eye glass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeglasses,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or another power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person's face.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeliner,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To apply makeup.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Makeup.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black	Guesser said: Is the object a mascara wand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyeliner pencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyepiece,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To view things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Optics.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To look through.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a periscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose in its use?	Oracle said: To magnify an image.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a telescope.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyepiece?	Oracle said: Correct	
faceplate,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to cover or protect something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on electronic devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a heatsink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Electrical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dissipate heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a connector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for an electronic component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Faraday cage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal enclosure for a circuit board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the holes in the object?	Oracle said: To allow access to controls or indicators.	Guesser said: Is the object a faceplate?	Oracle said: Correct	
fan,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To move air.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is this object a fan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
featherbed,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fluffy texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond comfort?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where in a typical house is the object found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is it a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to lean on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any hard components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape like a square or a circle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bed skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the bed?	Oracle said: It is a part of the bed.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is it a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that would be easily washed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective layer for the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a filling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolster pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a down comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get washed with the sheets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long rectangular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide comfort and warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	
fedora,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the hat typically worn?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is the hat typically worn for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the hat?	Oracle said: It has a rounded crown and a brim.	Guesser said: Is the hat a fedora?	Oracle said: Correct.	
feedbag,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Animal equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a cage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What animal is the equipment for?	Oracle said: Horse.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific part of the horse does the object interact with?	Oracle said: The head.	Guesser said: Is the object a halter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the head does it interact with?	Oracle said: The head.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in detail?	Oracle said: It is used to feed an animal.	Guesser said: Is the object a feedbag?	Oracle said: Correct	
fiddle,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a musician's hands.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object played with a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object held on the shoulder when played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have frets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a concert hall.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soundbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a place where music is played.	Guesser said: Is the object a double bass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fiddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
figurine,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary function.	Guesser said: Where would one typically encounter this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a figurine.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location within a home?	Oracle said: It is typically located inside a home.	Guesser said: Is it a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of clay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in a home is the sculpture typically displayed?	Oracle said: I am not a sculpture.	Guesser said: I am sorry is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of room would the sculpture typically be found in?	Oracle said: I am not a sculpture.	Guesser said: Sorry  is the object an artwork?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the artwork a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a mobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture composed of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object found in a home?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the home is the sculpture typically placed?	Oracle said: I am not a sculpture.	Guesser said: Sorry  is the artwork decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the artwork a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the artwork made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the artwork?	Oracle said: It does not have a simple shape.	Guesser said: Is the artwork found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What room is it typically found in?	Oracle said: It is not typically found in a room.	Guesser said: Is the artwork a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork an installation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	
filter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To remove unwanted substances.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a machine.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does it have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To remove impurities.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: Correct	
fishhook,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in water.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Fishing.	Guesser said: Is it a fishing lure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for catching things.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for catching things.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in water.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing hook?	Oracle said: Correct	
fishnet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to catch?	Oracle said: Fish.	Guesser said: Is it made of nylon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a fishing net.	Oracle said: Correct.	
flag,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: It is used for signaling or identification.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: It is usually found outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flagpole,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a flagpole.	Oracle said: Correct.	
flagstone,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be walked on.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paving stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions beyond being walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manhole cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to build something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagstone?	Oracle said: Correct	
flask,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Can this object be made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to be sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a graduated cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to storing chemicals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reagent bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a narrow neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: Correct	
floor,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for walking or standing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of a solid material.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found within a building?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: Correct	
flowerpot,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold plants.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What category of object would you classify this as?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object made of ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flute,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what locations might one typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a music store.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flyswatter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To kill insects.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object require any sort of bait?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fly swatter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flytrap,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a garden.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Plant.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Green.	Guesser said: Is the object a bush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bean plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: Is the object a spider web?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific type of plant is the object?	Oracle said: I am not a plant.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Venus flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct	
folder,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in an office.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a stack of papers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any text or printing on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticky note pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a memo pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a file folder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It provides support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found with another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object commonly support?	Oracle said: A bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slat of wood used in a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden side rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other function besides supporting the bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the bed frame that supports the mattress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a center support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the bed in a permanent way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in the bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the bed frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a slat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of wood is the object made from?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How many of these objects are typically found with a bed?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object touch the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bed leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it attach to a bed frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose related to the bed?	Oracle said: It is a part of the bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure of the bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	
footlocker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly located in the home?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object accessed?	Oracle said: It is accessed by opening it.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a toy box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have hinges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cedar chest.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object often found at the foot of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage ottoman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a locking mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a bed?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store linens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keepsake box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for storing personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small wooden lock box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object specifically?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect valuables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a strong box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be hidden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a travel jewelry box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	
footplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a stable surface for the foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional functions besides providing a stable surface for the foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a base for a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the machine?	Oracle said: I am not a machine.	Guesser said: Is the machine a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the base for the machine a part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a foot pedal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the base of a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a printing press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or features on its surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a base plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anvil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide any protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of industrial equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material that the object is in contact with?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a foot rest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a machine used in a factory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mounting plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the environment the object is located in?	Oracle said: Indoor.	
footrest,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for resting.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the main use of the object?	Oracle said: To rest something on.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a ottoman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object store something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in front of a couch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a side table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To rest something on.	Guesser said: Is the object a hassock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a flat top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ottoman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for resting feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a soft surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanbag chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hassock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor cushion?	Oracle said: No.	
footstool,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to rest one's feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object typically soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a footstool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
forceps,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To grasp or hold objects.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical instrument used for grasping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hemostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific tasks or procedures is this object used for in the medical setting?	Oracle said: It is used for grasping and holding tissues organs  or other objects during surgical procedures.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical clamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the surgical clamp?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or how is it used?	Oracle said: It is used to grasp or hold objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: Is the surgical clamp disposable or reusable?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What kind of surgical procedures is the clamp most commonly used in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what area of the body is the surgical clamp most frequently used?	Oracle said: I am not a surgical clamp.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the surgical instrument a clamp of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To grasp or hold objects.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stainless steel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold blood vessels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hemostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grasping tissue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a forceps?	Oracle said: Correct	
fork,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Utensil.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: Correct.	
futon,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting and sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gargoyle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object a gargoyle?	Oracle said: Correct	
garter,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural element of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a household item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How would one interact with the object?	Oracle said: It is worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gauze,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb fluids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical supply?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauze pad?	Oracle said: Correct	
gavel,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to strike something in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demolition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gavel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
glasses,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a face.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: Correct	
goalpost,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a field.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mark a boundary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a goal post.	Oracle said: Correct.	
goblet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a glass.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a water bottle.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an individual or multiple people?	Oracle said: By an individual.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a common household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drink water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a drinking glass.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a stem?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drink cold beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a water glass.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object wide at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for alcoholic beverages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object sit on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pint glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object taper inward?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of alcoholic beverage is it typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for alcoholic beverages.	Guesser said: Does the object have a foot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a martini glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wider than it is tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixed drinks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a beer glass.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used at home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a highball glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What type of liquid is it most often used for?	Oracle said: It is most often used for liquids.	Guesser said: Does the object have a stem?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a champagne flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide mouth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for dessert?	Oracle said: No.	
goggles,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object most often found in a house?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an electrical component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer layer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: Are the object's primary colors black and white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eye patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a band or strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a face shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object eye protection for working?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the eye protections glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the glasses safety glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the glasses used for sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the glasses swimming goggles?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gondola,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Where would I typically find this object?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose beyond transporting people?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a harbor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of environment is it most commonly found in?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on the surface of the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diving bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is it used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paddle boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common use case for the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object motorized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have multiple passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have oars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedal boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use paddles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rudder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move by wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use another form of propulsion other than a motor  oars or wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a purpose beyond recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lifeboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of primarily metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use paddles?	Oracle said: No.	
gown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: What part of the body is this object typically worn on?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the colors the object can be?	Oracle said: The object can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is this object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is this object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is this object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is this object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where can the object be purchased?	Oracle said: It can be purchased at a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn with a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is the object typically worn in?	Oracle said: It is typically worn in any season.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have a zipper?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is this object a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is this object typically worn in?	Oracle said: Any.	Guesser said: Is this object a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	
grater,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To shred food.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
grout,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fill gaps.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a solid.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: Is it caulk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fill gaps.	Guesser said: Is the object white?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in bathrooms and kitchens.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fill gaps.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: Is it grout?	Oracle said: Correct	
guitar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Making music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a music store.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gunnysack,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: In what type of location would this object typically be found?	Oracle said: It would typically be found in a rural location.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the sack?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the sack?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a feed sack.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: In what type of location would this object typically be found?	Oracle said: This object would typically be found in a location where goods are stored or transported.	Guesser said: Is the object made of canvas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a duffel bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the sack?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the color of the sack?	Oracle said: It is brown.	Guesser said: What type of goods is the sack used to hold?	Oracle said: Dry goods.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a grain sack.	Oracle said: Correct.	
gurney,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a home or a public space?	Oracle said: A public space.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple levels or floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you sit or stand on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: Is the object an X-ray machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store medical supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stretcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gurney?	Oracle said: Correct	
hacksaw,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a blade.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is it used by a carpenter?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the handle look like?	Oracle said: The handle is a grip.	Guesser said: Is the object a power saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hack saw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairbrush,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for grooming.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Is it used to clean teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a brush?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used to groom hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a comb.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for humans or animals?	Oracle said: Humans.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is it used for hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a hairbrush.	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairnet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain hair.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Does the object interact with food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep hair out of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair net?	Oracle said: Correct	
hairpiece,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to change the appearance of a person's hair.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairpin,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a bobby pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a long thin shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairpin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handbag,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Fashion.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To carry items.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a satchel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically carried?	Oracle said: By a handle or strap.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by men or women or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a leather jacket.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object secured?	Oracle said: It can be secured with a zipper.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any external pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a travel wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoulder bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a saddlebag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific gender?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handcart,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used on farms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object primarily used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by a horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be pulled by a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handcart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handlebar,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for steering.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of vehicle is the object part of?	Oracle said: Bicycle.	Guesser said: Is the object a handlebar?	Oracle said: Correct	
handsaw,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is it a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the saw made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the saw typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the saw used to cut wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hand saw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hanky,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the usual color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides absorbing liquids?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other common uses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is square.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable sanitary cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Correct	
harmonica,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: Correct	
harp,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically played by plucking the strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many strings does the object typically have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what setting is the object most often used?	Oracle said: In a musical setting.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
harpoon,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hunt.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hunt.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
harpsichord,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of musical instrument does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Keyboard instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hatbox,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the box?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the box be used for shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the box belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of container.	Guesser said: Is the box large or small?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the box a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing personal items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a keepsake box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a gift box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box plain or does it have designs on it?	Oracle said: It has designs on it.	Guesser said: Is the box an organizer box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a storage container for photos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a decorative storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a treasure box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a storage box for small trinkets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the box?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is it a hat box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hatchet,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for chopping.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific actions are performed with the object?	Oracle said: Chopping splitting  and cutting.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headband,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something in place.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: Is the object an elastic band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for adornment.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use beyond adornment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object for practical use not adornment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach with clips or pins?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any functional purpose beyond adornment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative hair pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose  beyond adornment?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach with clips or pins?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary use?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for a formal occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the head is the object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Head.	
helmet,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
highchair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow a baby or toddler to sit safely while eating.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
highlighter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark text.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a rectangle.	Guesser said: Is the object a highlighter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hinge,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow movement.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on doors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To connect two objects and allow them to rotate.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct	
hoe,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for gardening and farming.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a rake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any source of energy to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoe?	Oracle said: Correct	
holster,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for carrying something.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically used on?	Oracle said: The object is typically used on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a scabbard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a leg brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the opening of the object large or small?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a quiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a holster?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hoopskirt,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To shape a skirt.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mannequin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a very large circular skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the large circular skirt a crinoline?	Oracle said: Correct	
horn,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of keratin.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bird?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help the animal fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a claw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Where on the animal is the object located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is the object used for defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the animal's face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specialized shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tusk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a specific type of sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a beak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other objects to make sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vocalization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific physical property?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a human?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: Correct.	
horseshoe,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to protect the hooves of horses.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a horse.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a horseshoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hose,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: Correct	
hourglass,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function if any?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the timer a kitchen timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the timer battery powered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common location to find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the timer a sand timer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: Does the object contain two bulbs with sand inside and a narrow passage connecting the bulbs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sand timer!	Oracle said: Correct.	
housecoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary physical characteristic of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: Medium.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily cover?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object likely made of?	Oracle said: It is likely made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safari shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object casual?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a denim shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Hawaiian shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt-jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an Oxford shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt-dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button up shirt with pockets and a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be worn by one gender?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant for cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a three-quarter sleeve top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	
housetop,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the material.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Architecture.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to weather?	Oracle said: It protects from weather.	Guesser said: Is the object a cave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lean-to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object a pavilion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an awning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hubcap,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man made?	Oracle said: Man made	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover and protect the wheel of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object the same size as the wheel it covers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necessary part of a vehicle's function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any non-metal components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hubcap?	Oracle said: Correct	
icebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store food and keep it cold.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a refrigerator.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a metal container used for food storage like a lunchbox.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a pot.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be placed on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found near a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a trash can.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific  designated location within a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food and keep it cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a cooler.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object found inside of a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help keep food fresh?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a Tupperware container.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object airtight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store leftovers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with preparing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a mixing bowl.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep food warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a food storage container.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a cutting board.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	
icepick,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pierce or puncture something.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: To make holes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill bit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an awl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used with force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object's head?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on fabrics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically interact with another object to perform its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to work with metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw driver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a leather punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used with a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bradawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a lot of force to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to make a small hole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marking tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object create a circular hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scribe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for marking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice pick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
inkwell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is black.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for writing.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a black marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a black chalkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold ink.	Guesser said: Is the object a black ink cartridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find the object?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: Is it a black ink bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a black fountain pen ink cartridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to write important notes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a small black  glass ink well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily refilled with ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dip pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's main purpose?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  black ink bottle with markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in laboratories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Is the object a black  small  glass vial with markings  that holds ink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a stationery shop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a black ink refill bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object's markings indicate the volume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often sold with other writing instruments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a black ink bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the lid made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold ink.	Guesser said: Is the object a black pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the markings?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it a black  small bottle for holding ink that is found in a stationery store and sold with other writing instruments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a black  small ink bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a black calligraphy ink well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any special purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a unique design?	Oracle said: I don't know.	Guesser said: Is the object used by artists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  black container for ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in schools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ink in the container a special type of ink?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bottle for fountain pen ink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come with an applicator?	Oracle said: No.	
jacket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does it cover?	Oracle said: Torso and arms.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is it a jar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jewel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as an adornment.	Guesser said: Is the object made of gold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical function beyond adornment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of a material.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Object.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of body modification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to attach to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tattoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element on the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belly ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object temporary or permanent?	Oracle said: Permanent	Guesser said: Is the object a piercing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object makeup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically attached to the body?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a permanent tattoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object exist on the surface of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an implant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body modification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a living material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object change the appearance of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prosthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that improves the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative surgical implant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to stay on the body forever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object temporary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical implant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object affect the function of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cause any pain or discomfort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a living material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cosmetic enhancement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that naturally forms on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cosmetic?	Oracle said: No.	
jigsaw,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To assemble pieces into a whole.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and cardboard.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To assemble a picture.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a jigsaw puzzle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
jug,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass ceramic  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: It is typically used to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a dining table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the opening like on the object?	Oracle said: It has a wide opening.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold hot liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve drinks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tea cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a milk jug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jumpsuit,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How warm does the object keep you?	Oracle said: It can keep you warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The entire body.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kayak,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Watercraft.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a lake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of boat is it?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kazoo,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys or buttons on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object held in the mouth to make sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where would this object typically be found?	Oracle said: In a musical setting.	Guesser said: Is it a kazoo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kerchief,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect or cover something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific color.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond protection?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing typically associated with royalty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special features or designs?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond protection and decoration?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object stay on the head by being tied?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headscarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object primarily found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have a religious significance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help keep hair out of the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a durag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's secondary purposes?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular culture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a do-rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a purpose to hold something else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the top of the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object connected to the head?	Oracle said: It can be tied around the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the forehead?	Oracle said: No.	
kettle,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Correct	
kettledrum,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wooden component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the drum made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the drum a timpani?	Oracle said: Correct	
key,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To open something.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To open something.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keyhole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow something to pass through.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for opening something.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open or close something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long and thin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to open something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does the object require any force to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a key or combination to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a deadbolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve multiple parts to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a padlock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be attached to something to be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a security chain?	Oracle said: No.	
kilt,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In Scotland.	Guesser said: Is the object a kilt?	Oracle said: Correct	
knapsack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is a secondary function of this object?	Oracle said: It can be used to carry things.	Guesser said: Is this object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you put the object over your head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of this object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Can this object be rolled up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Hiking.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any parts made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a cloth sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help with navigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sling bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of things can be put in this object?	Oracle said: Things.	Guesser said: Is it a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this an item that's often used for a picnic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a camping set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a water bottle carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be used while running?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hydration pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Hiking.	Guesser said: Is it a hiking stick carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sling bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Does this item have a specific opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this item have a flap to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is a secondary function of this object?	Oracle said: It can be used to carry things.	Guesser said: Is it a daypack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a travel backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this item help with organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hiking backpack?	Oracle said: No.	
knickers,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a g-string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have leg holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a boy short?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the buttocks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of hip hugger underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the crotch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fit snugly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of bikini bottoms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boy shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of high-cut underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boxer briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be seen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily worn for comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of thermal underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered fashionable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of compression shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of foundation garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of shapewear shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn under clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist cincher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for shaping the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of spandex?	Oracle said: No.	
knife,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object has no color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
knuckles,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To assist in hand-to-hand combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Body part.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is made of a solid material.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used to strike other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of bone.	Guesser said: Is the object a tooth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the specific location of the object on the human body?	Oracle said: On the hand.	Guesser said: Is it a knuckle?	Oracle said: Correct	
lace,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten or decorate.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be made of multiple materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically fasten clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object on a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: On a piece of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to decorate clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener that can be found on a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a knot to fasten?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric used to fasten clothing often used on the sleeves or waist of a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metal components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toggle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to laces?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lantern,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of metal and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for illumination at night?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighthouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to light up a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lapel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: It is usually made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a part of the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object on the clothing?	Oracle said: On the clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any function other than holding something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a purely functional purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasping mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a purpose other than being decorative or attaching?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an emblem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoulder pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found on formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a symbolic meaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a name tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the clothing for purely aesthetic reasons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of embellishment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object change the shape of the clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an applique?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any thickness?	Oracle said: Yes.	
latch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold something closed.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door latch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
leash,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To control or restrain something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly come in a set of two?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lens,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To focus light.	Guesser said: What category of object does this fall into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be transparent.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: It can be found in various locations.	Guesser said: Is the object used in photography?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera lens?	Oracle said: Correct.	
leotard,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object fasten or close?	Oracle said: It does not fasten or close.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the shoulders?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn as underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: Correct	
lever,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to lift things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: Correct	
linen,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Textile.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found in a house?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific users?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use outside of absorbing liquid?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors can the object be?	Oracle said: The object can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific textures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire floor of a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object provide?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an upholstery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific activity is this object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly washed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object an eye mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of bedding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object very thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a crib?	Oracle said: No.	
linoleum,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object vinyl flooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape are the individual pieces of the object if any?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the shape of the individual pieces.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for flooring.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in kitchens or bathrooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sheet flooring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: It is made of linoleum.	Guesser said: Is the object linoleum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lipstick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply color to the lips.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object most often used?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: Is the object lipstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
locket,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the decorative elements of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be carried.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a locket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
loincloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the upper or lower body?	Oracle said: Lower.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that go over the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the front of the body the back of the body or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors is the object most commonly found in?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found in neutral colors.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: It is typically stored in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover any part of the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bra.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures  like buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of briefs.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object stretch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the most common use of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Does the object go down past the waist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a slip.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorations  such as lace or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep you warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a g-string.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for men  women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures  like buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object loose fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for comfort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is boxer shorts.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object most frequently used with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sarong.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long  rectangular piece of cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a scarf.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures  like buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	
longboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the boat a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the boat?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: My apologies. I will restart. What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What is the boat used for?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the general category of boat it belongs to?	Oracle said: Boat.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where can I typically find this type of boat?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary method of propulsion?	Oracle said: Rowing.	Guesser said: Is the boat a dinghy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for recreation or work?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a keel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are these types of boats commonly found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden punt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the boat in terms of work?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used in the construction of the boat other than wood?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are these boats typically found on lakes rivers  or oceans?	Oracle said: Rivers.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of activities are commonly done on the boat?	Oracle said: Traveling and warfare.	Guesser said: Is it a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for carrying people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a flatboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a keelboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical speed of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the boat on rivers?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the main purposes of the boat?	Oracle said: Transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would one find this type of boat historically?	Oracle said: In the sea.	
longbow,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To propel a projectile.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to hunt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to propel projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a longbow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lotion,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To moisturize skin.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid liquid  or gas?	Oracle said: Liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a lotion?	Oracle said: Correct	
loveseat,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide seating.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides providing seating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an armchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have arm rests?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loveseat?	Oracle said: Correct	
lumber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To build things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the objects physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a railway tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a 2 by 4?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of plywood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's length in feet?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose in building things?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of a fence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found on a fence?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a rectangular prism.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence picket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horizontal fence rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence crossbeam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are wider than the rest of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden rail for a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence paling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a 4x4 wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden slat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden fence slat!	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of the fence that connects to the posts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold the fence together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object run horizontally along the fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shingle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board used as siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object touch the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a landscape timber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post for a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help support the fence?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden block used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support for a raised garden bed?	Oracle said: No.	
magazine,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To read.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Printed material.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the physical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mailbag,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found at a post office.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for other than transporting items?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cloth or leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a mail bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mailbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To receive mail.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mainsail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To propel a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Triangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To catch the wind.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To catch wind.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Triangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To propel a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a triangular shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To propel a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To catch the wind.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a body of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To propel a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a triangular shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To catch the wind.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a curved shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	
mallet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: In what category of objects would you place this object?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drive something into a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mandolin,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a music store.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in your hands while being used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials used to make this object?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the primary category of the object?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Approximately how large is the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately 2 feet long.	Guesser said: Is it a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have 6 strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a round body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stringed instrument that is held upright when played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is it a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a zither?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the country of origin for the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it a hammered dulcimer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sound hole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mandolin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
manger,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a trough.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: Is the object a feeding container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bucket.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a feed bin.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a manger.	Oracle said: Correct.	
map,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To show geographical information.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object located?	Oracle said: You would typically find this object located in a library.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To show the physical features of an area.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: Correct.	
marionette,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Is it an electronic toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a theater.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the puppet made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the puppet used for?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the puppet made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the puppet used for?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: What color are the materials the puppet is made of?	Oracle said: The materials are multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where is the puppet used?	Oracle said: On a stage.	Guesser said: Is the puppet large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hand puppet.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the puppet made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the puppet used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the puppet typically found?	Oracle said: On a stage.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a marionette.	Oracle said: Correct.	
mascara,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To apply something to the eyelashes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object a cosmetic product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brush?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object used daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object mascara?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mask,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to conceal the face.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To cover the face.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mast,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to support something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object support things that are alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sailing.	Guesser said: Is the object a mast?	Oracle said: Correct	
mat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object a carpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be rectangular.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Home goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat?	Oracle said: Correct	
matchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a matchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fireplace match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a matchstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a block of wood used to create fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any chemicals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fire starter block.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wax fire starter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often sold in packs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fire starter made of paper.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for starting a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct odor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a camp site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper fire starter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object scented?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fire starter.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct odor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: Where is the fire created meant to be?	Oracle said: On it.	
matchbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold matches.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you find this object?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a matchbox?	Oracle said: Correct	
mattress,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric foam  and springs.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where in a building is the object usually located?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is it a mattress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
maypole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for a specific activity.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a public space.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a utilitarian purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carousel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object colorful?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a climbing structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground ride?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teeter totter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found within the park?	Oracle said: In the park.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for use by multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are suspended in the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object complex in design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of monkey bars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object big?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a climbing wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used in a celebration.	Guesser said: Is the object a pavilion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where might you find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object temporary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for public speaking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	
microscope,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To magnify small objects.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: In what general category of objects would you place this object?	Oracle said: Scientific instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object used to view cells?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a microscope.	Oracle said: Correct.	
miniskirt,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond basic clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of many materials.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures such as buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any embellishments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a culotte?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pleated skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lining?	Oracle said: I don't know.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pleats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a midi skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mini skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mirror,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To reflect light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be various shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mitten,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object mittens?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Around a castle.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: Is the object a moat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moccasin,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a somewhat irregular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides being worn on the feet?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a moccasin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moneybag,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a bank.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is it a vault?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is it a bank bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is it a money bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mop,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Cleaning.	Guesser said: Is this object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in relation to water?	Oracle said: It is used with water.	Guesser said: Is this object a mop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mound,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a mound.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific category?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a geographical feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some things that would be found on top of the object?	Oracle said: Dirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a volcano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some things that would be found around the object?	Oracle said: Dirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a anthill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glacial moraine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a termite mound?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mousetrap,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To catch something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a mousetrap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
muffler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To reduce noise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a car.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a muffler?	Oracle said: Correct	
mulch,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide nutrients to the soil.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occurring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what category would you classify this object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it living?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mineral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it organic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object manure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come from an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object compost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it come from a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wood chips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is this object created?	Oracle said: It is created by a natural process.	Guesser said: Does the object come from leaves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object leaf litter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a byproduct of logging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long does the object take to decompose?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object bark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural fertilizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to prevent weeds from growing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a byproduct of a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shredded leaves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ground cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pine needles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to retain moisture in the soil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come from a coniferous tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wood chips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a layer of dead leaves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a forest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object bark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ground covering for a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object mulch?	Oracle said: Correct	
mural,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What is the object's main purpose?	Oracle said: To display art.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any specific material.	Guesser said: Is the object a mural?	Oracle said: Correct.	
muzzle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent biting.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to protect against a specific animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insect repellent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a pet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a muzzle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
napkin,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to clean?	Oracle said: It is used to clean.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a window cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object absorb liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable cleaning pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides cleaning?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object single use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drying sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pattern on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wrap food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
neckband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object could be made of?	Oracle said: It could be made of metal plastic  or fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location or place of use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you describe the object's physical appearance?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for aesthetic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have any specific functional purpose beyond aesthetics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support or hold something else in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band worn on the upper arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the band?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the band used to hold something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrist sweatband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the band?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the band used to hold up clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band part of an athletic uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band an arm warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have any closures  like snaps or velcro?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band used by athletes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band worn on the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band an item of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band an anklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band an item that is used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band a scrunchie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band made with any elastic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band a hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band attach to or wrap around anything else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band an item worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have any closures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band a choker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band serve any practical function  like keeping something in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have any pendants or decorations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have a specific cultural significance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neckerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band used to show membership in a group?	Oracle said: No.	
neckerchief,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: It can be found on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for protection or decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a large portion of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical function beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Neck.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Triangular.	Guesser said: Is it a neckerchief?	Oracle said: Correct.	
necklace,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's most defining physical characteristic?	Oracle said: It is worn around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
necktie,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically found near?	Oracle said: A shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: Correct.	
net,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: In what category would one place this object?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object often found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: Correct.	
newspaper,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To inform.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of media.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightdress,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object primarily used on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the whole torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightgown,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like a zipper or buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover your entire body while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightshirt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the shirt?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What color is the shirt?	Oracle said: It is not a shirt.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from the cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the long-sleeved shirt designed for formal or informal occasions?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shirt's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt worn for sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the shirt made of a material that stretches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a long sleeve t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a mock turtleneck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a crew neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scoop neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a V-neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a boat neck shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a turtleneck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects color?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a body suit?	Oracle said: No.	
nightstick,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a police station.	Guesser said: Is the object a club?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It can be used as a weapon.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a baton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the hands of a police officer.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a nightstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
noose,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hang something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a place where people are executed.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rope.	Guesser said: Is the object a noose?	Oracle said: Correct	
notebook,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a school or office.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nozzle,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To direct or control the flow of a substance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of places.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object help to control the flow of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in a variety of settings.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to a water source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To direct or control the flow of a fluid or gas.	Guesser said: Is the object a nozzle?	Oracle said: Correct	
nutcracker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To crack nuts.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is a complex shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nutcracker?	Oracle said: Correct	
oar,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To propel a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a paddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object an oar?	Oracle said: Correct	
oilcan,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a gas can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object hold a liquid that is used for a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is it a container for antifreeze?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a container for brake fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a label?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a container for power steering fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is it a container of windshield washer fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the liquid it contains clear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for transmission fluid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the spout made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it a container for gear oil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a container for gear oil.	Oracle said: Correct.	
overcoat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the coat made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the usual use of the coat?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the coat a winter coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
paddle,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To propel an object.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a sporting environment.	Guesser said: What sport is this object most commonly used in?	Oracle said: It is most commonly used in a sport.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a hockey stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What sport is the object used in?	Oracle said: It is used in sports.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hit?	Oracle said: It is used to hit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or part that is used to propel another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a puck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a croquet mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a ball into a hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a shuttlecock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lacrosse stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the object is used to make contact with what it is hitting?	Oracle said: The part used to make contact is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a field hockey stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the flat part of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately the size of a hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a ping pong paddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pail,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for carrying things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the things the object is commonly used to carry?	Oracle said: Water sand  or other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function beyond carrying things?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pail?	Oracle said: Correct	
paintball,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To mark a target.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place this in?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the ball's material?	Oracle said: It is made of gelatin.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern or design on its surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a water balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in American football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: Is the object used in volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object used in dodgeball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object bounce?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lacrosse ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in rugby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of gelatin.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object filled with liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintball?	Oracle said: Correct	
paintbox,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold paint.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified in?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in art other than just holding paint?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a palette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you find the object in a art supply store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paintbrush,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In an art studio.	Guesser said: Is the object used for creating art?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
painting,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pajama,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the entire leg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of trousers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have individual coverings for each leg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically extend to the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose beyond being worn?	Oracle said: To sleep in.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama bottoms?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pamphlet,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Paper	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any textures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a public space.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a public space.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pan,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pants,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Correct	
pantsuit,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically worn on?	Oracle said: The legs and torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's design?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a two-piece outfit like a top and pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tracksuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a business suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose for its design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a business suit.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is the object typically worn in?	Oracle said: Any	Guesser said: Is the object a vest and pants set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a special occasion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit worn to a wedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn for work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chef's outfit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lot of pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a flight attendant's uniform.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be stylish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a nurse's outfit.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a creative field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a lawyer's suit.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pantyhose,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Nylon.	Guesser said: Does the object tend to be found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of stockings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire leg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn as part of a uniform or specific outfit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special features such as compression or shaping properties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of compression socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hosiery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the legs typically bare beneath the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of legging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors is the object typically available in?	Oracle said: Typically available in a variety of colors.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to keep the wearer warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically put on the legs?	Oracle said: By pulling it up.	Guesser said: Is the object a leg warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn with shoes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pantyhose?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperback,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bookstore.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: Is the object a hardcover book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperback novel?	Oracle said: Correct	
paperclip,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: Correct	
paperweight,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold down papers.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found on a desk in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common office supply?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold down papers.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative paperweight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
parachute,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To slow descent.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: Correct	
parcel,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a store?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cereal box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pizza box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a use for the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object found?	Oracle said: It is found in many places.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think it is a cardboard storage container.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a storage container for clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object water resistant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of items does the object transport?	Oracle said: Various.	Guesser said: Is it a cardboard file storage box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a box for shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think it is a cardboard shipping box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Does the object have any writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a package?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object a brown package?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the package have any labels on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the package used for shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think it is a shipping package.	Oracle said: Correct.	
parka,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a rain coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a parka.	Oracle said: Correct.	
patch,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the colors that make up the object?	Oracle said: The object is not made up of any colors.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pavement,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for walking or driving on.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Does the object provide any form of shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: A physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of asphalt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crosswalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function for pedestrians?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of stairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marked pedestrian crossing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speed bump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the markings on the object?	Oracle said: It has no markings.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the markings on the object?	Oracle said: To provide guidance or information.	Guesser said: Is the object a road sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crosswalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paved path?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of concrete or asphalt?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of concrete or asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object a bike path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific width?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pathway in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical width of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a trail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located within a town or city?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus lane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose related to traffic flow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turning lane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings such as lines or symbols?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dedicated lane for buses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary material the object is made of is not applicable.	Guesser said: What is the general location of the object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function for pedestrians and vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shared-use path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined edge or boundary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turning lane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific restrictions for use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle lane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object separate opposing directions of traffic?	Oracle said: No.	
peephole,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To see through something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a peephole?	Oracle said: Correct	
pegboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookend?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function besides holding things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden board.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rough or smooth surface?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plaque?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tool holder.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop or garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a work surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes?	Oracle said: Yes.	
pen,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pencil,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pendant,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective properties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn on the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pendant?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pendulum,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To swing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendulum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
periscope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To see things that are otherwise out of sight.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a submarine.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to see?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a periscope?	Oracle said: Correct	
petticoat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn under a dress or skirt.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a petticoat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photograph,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To capture an image.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of places.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
piano,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pickaxe,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To break things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a crowbar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
picture,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no shape.	Guesser said: Does this object have a specific category?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically large or small?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by one person or is it shared?	Oracle said: Primarily used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home  a place of work  or another location?	Oracle said: Typically found in a home  a place of work  or another location.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often collected?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond being viewed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To treat or prevent a medical condition.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be swallowed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillbox,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used to hold pills?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: A pill box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To rest your head on.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillowcase,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things together.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly used?	Oracle said: In clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any tools to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pincushion,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a sewing kit or near a sewing machine.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spool of thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the creation of clothing?	Oracle said: It is used in the creation of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect two pieces of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thimble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a flat shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric used to hold something else in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical width of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other common uses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bias tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an adhesive on one side?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to reinforce a seam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fray easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the creation of a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to finish a raw edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of twill tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stay tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of selvage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a facing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent fraying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a hem in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of bias tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seam binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of piping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object create a closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object add structure to fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stay tape?	Oracle said: No.	
pinstripe,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a visual design element.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is a line.	Guesser said: Is the object an embroidery detail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painted line on clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a functional purpose beyond visual design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed line on clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific purpose on the clothing?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object a decal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed line part of a pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinstripe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pitchfork,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To lift and move things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: In what locations is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: Farms.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or many people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific task does the object perform when it lifts and moves things?	Oracle said: It is used for lifting and moving things.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require human power or does it use an external power source?	Oracle said: Requires human power.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitchfork?	Oracle said: Correct	
plank,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to build a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden stud.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object support the weight of other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often come in a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Approximately how long is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: Correct.	
plaster,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support and protection to an injured body part.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cast.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location on the body that it's designed for?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object beyond providing support and protection?	Oracle said: To promote healing.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a splint.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically used on?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object designed to interact with?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: I guess the object is medical tape.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What specific body part is it designed to be used on?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dressing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object absorb fluids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gauze pad.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object reusable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be fixed to the body using an additional object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an adhesive bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific medicinal properties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sterile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a prescription?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wound closure strip.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size small or large?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: Is the object designed to close a wound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a steri-strip.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object applied directly to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a liquid bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shape other than rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a blister bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a small cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a butterfly bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come in pre-cut shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object absorb fluids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a corn pad.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for use on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific body location it is primarily used on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fingertip bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a heel bandage.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to treat a specific type of injury?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a burn dressing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cast.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	
platter,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a casserole dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a pie plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lip or rim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shallow dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is a common use for the object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving platter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
playhouse,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Building.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the house?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the house made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the house a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the house have multiple stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a shack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a bungalow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the house typically found?	Oracle said: In a yard.	Guesser said: Is the house a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a small single-story dwelling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the house a ranch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the house a playhouse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pliers,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To manipulate objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to apply force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to remove or install things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for gripping or holding other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts that move relative to each other?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use leverage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in construction?	Oracle said: To grip and manipulate objects.	Guesser said: Does the object have jaws or a similar gripping mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be adjusted to fit different sized objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a C-clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object's grip achieved?	Oracle said: By hand.	Guesser said: Is the object an adjustable wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on round objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold things in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of needle-nose pliers?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pocket,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is this object a pocket?	Oracle said: Correct	
pocketknife,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a blade.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
podium,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a public setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some objects that are commonly held by the object?	Oracle said: A microphone.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a podium?	Oracle said: Correct	
pole,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone pole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
poncho,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer from the elements.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would you most likely encounter this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it designed to cover?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object loose fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on one's person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object draped?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pareo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover oneself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object simple in its design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be put on or taken off easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pontoon,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To provide buoyancy.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the boat made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the boat besides providing buoyancy?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category does the boat belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the boat's primary source of propulsion?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a covered cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other boats?	Oracle said: It is of various sizes.	Guesser said: Is the boat typically used on lakes or oceans?	Oracle said: Lakes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: Correct	
pool,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for recreation.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Recreational.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Is the object found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of concrete.	Guesser said: Is the object a skatepark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis court?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What sport is played on the object?	Oracle said: No sport is played on the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: Correct	
popgun,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to make a popping sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a cap gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic	Guesser said: Does the object require any other items to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bubble popper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the other item that is required to make the popping sound?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toy store.	Guesser said: Is the object a water gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any form of energy to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pop-it toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the source of energy the object uses?	Oracle said: Mechanical.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind-up toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that is designed to be shot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that launches projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Nerf gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of projectile does the object launch?	Oracle said: Air.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic toy that launches air-powered rockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a popping sound when it launches the projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cap gun.	Oracle said: Correct.	
porcelain,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Object.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Utensils.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Porcelain.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at meal times?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking from?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of the object relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is usually small.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for storing things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically sit on a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use for the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a water basin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose other than holding liquids?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vessel used for washing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function beyond holding liquids?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary function beyond holding liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a spittoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for flowers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use for liquids other than just holding them?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an egg cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with other similar objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	
pot,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of clay.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pottery,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drink from?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casserole dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of this object besides holding things?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a round shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of clay?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	
pouch,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person or in a bag.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is a common category for the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold money?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a billfold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a money clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pouch?	Oracle said: Correct	
powerboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is it a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: The object's approximate size is medium.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is it a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is it a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is it a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Does it have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: The object's approximate size is medium.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is it a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Does it have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	
pulley,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To lift or move objects.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use wheels to move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a forklift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a winch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift heavy objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
puppet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a theater.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood cloth  and string.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
purse,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of leather fabric  or other materials.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home or on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some common things that are carried in the object?	Oracle said: Keys  wallet  phone.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
quilt,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: Correct.racquetball10 Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hit a ball.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To play a sport.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a racquetball court.	Guesser said: Is the object a racquetball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
racquetball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for a sport.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What sport is the object used in?	Oracle said: Racquetball.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a court.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a racquetball.	Oracle said: Correct.	
raft,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: Where would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the boat made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the wood used to make the boat?	Oracle said: To provide buoyancy.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the boat?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the boat a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the boat used?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the boat most commonly found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a dinghy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have oars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a log?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a specific use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the boat?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a bath tub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object used for water transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used on lakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a punt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: I give up.	Oracle said: Correct.	
rafter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the building's foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: Correct	
rag,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a rag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
raincoat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To protect from rain.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material that is waterproof.	Guesser said: Is the coat a raincoat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ratchet,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tighten or loosen fasteners.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to turn a fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an adjustable wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific head shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lug wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the head of the object designed to fit a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver bit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the specific shape of the head?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used on different sizes of fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vise grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for automotive work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a ratchet mechanism?	Oracle said: Correct.	
razor,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cutting wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cut fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
recliner,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric leather  or a similar material.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would this object fall into?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the chair have arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the chair a recliner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rib,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect internal organs.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is a part of a body.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a rib?	Oracle said: Correct	
rickshaw,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or more than one?	Oracle said: More than one.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the main materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal wood  and fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public transit vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trolley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
robe,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is not worn on any part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To keep someone warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the closet?	Oracle said: To be stored.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
roof,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Building.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of materials like wood metal  or concrete.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lean-to?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made from?	Oracle said: It is made from various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a pavilion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What environment is the object found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a carport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter from sun?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a sunshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides shelter?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is it a permanent structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any supports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a covered walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter from wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pavilion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rope,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of a material.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in various places.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other objects to work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides holding things together?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get tied into a knot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rowboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a lake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object hold more than one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rudder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To control direction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on land in the air  or in the water?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a rudder?	Oracle said: Correct	
rug,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
runway,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To facilitate the takeoff and landing of aircraft.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is located outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a runway?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to store clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of objects is the bag typically used to carry?	Oracle said: It is typically used to carry objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in many places.	Guesser said: Is the object a grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of a mesh fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to carry?	Oracle said: It is typically used to carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What is the objects function?	Oracle said: It is used for containing things.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of objects are typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: Food clothing  and other items.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	
sackcloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: In what category would you classify this object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is this object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific location.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something people wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is it an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a location.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an outdoor activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific location.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	
saddle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a seat for a rider on an animal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metal components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: Correct	
saddlebag,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this fit into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the bag made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: Is it a handbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the bag?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the bag usually used by one person or multiple?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: Is it a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the bag?	Oracle said: It is not a shape.	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the bag?	Oracle said: It is used to carry items.	Guesser said: Is it a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a leather satchel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the leather on the bag?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is it a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag close with a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a saddlebag?	Oracle said: Correct	
sailboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use sails?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
saltshaker,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To dispense a substance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used to dispense liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people to make or prepare food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a single piece or made of multiple parts?	Oracle said: Made of multiple parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the part of the object that dispenses the substance?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a salt shaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sandal,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person's foot.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of footwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It is used to protect the foot.	Guesser said: What type of shoe is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of shoe.	Guesser said: Is it a sandal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sarong,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object primarily worn on?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long or short?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the decorative features functional?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maxi skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a romper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the decorative features?	Oracle said: To provide visual appeal.	Guesser said: Is the object a palazzo pant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maxi dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wide-leg pants with decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waist band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a culotte?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: Correct.	
satchel,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: It is usually found on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a satchel?	Oracle said: Correct	
satin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used as a fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of places.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object called cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object called linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object strong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of synthetic fibers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object loose fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have long sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathing suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a slit?	Oracle said: No.	
saucepan,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the pan?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a frying pan.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary location of the pan?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the pan used over a heat source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the pan?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the pan used on a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the pan have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a saucepan.	Oracle said: Correct.	
scabbard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To protect something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal leather  or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is not relevant.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wall.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case used to protect something from damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used to protect tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case for carrying and protecting a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used for protecting and carrying something small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a lockbox.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the case have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the case have a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective covering for something like glasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case a type of luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case associated with a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a camera case.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the case have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a musical instrument case.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the case have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the case used to carry things by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the case a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for ammunition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	
scaffold,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide a temporary structure for workers and materials during construction or maintenance.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be assembled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scaffolding?	Oracle said: Correct	
scaffolding,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a raised platform for workers.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's main physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a scaffold?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scalpel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scarecrow,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To scare away birds.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a field.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarecrow?	Oracle said: Correct	
scarf,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a single color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a closet.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
schoolbag,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object can be made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the bag?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the bag be used to carry books?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the bag?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a shoulder strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the bag be closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a laptop bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have any compartments or pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical price range of the bag?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the bag be used for school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a bookbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a flap that closes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a satchel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag fashionable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used for carrying groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the bag?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the bag?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Can the bag be made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag designed to be carried over the shoulder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a mailbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a schoolbag?	Oracle said: Correct	
schoolbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.	
scissors,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What category of object is this?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scooter,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the most common material used to make this object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object most commonly found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel or another form of energy to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Land	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scrapbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store memories.	Guesser said: Where would you find the object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a hardcover book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store memories.	Guesser said: Is the object a diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain images?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have captions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is it a children's book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cookbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is it a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Does it contain pictures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a graphic novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a board game instruction manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a sketchbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a yearbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a travel guide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store memories.	Guesser said: Where would you find it?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is it a wedding album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have text?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store memories.	Guesser said: Does it have a lot of pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it an encyclopedia?	Oracle said: No.	
screen,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a touchscreen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart fridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of information does the object display?	Oracle said: Visual.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use outside of displaying information?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a power button?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the internet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital photo frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use voice control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an e-reader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an internal storage drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart home hub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger system?	Oracle said: I am not a system.	Guesser said: What does the object connect to?	Oracle said: It can connect to other devices.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located within a home?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What is a common use of the object when connected to other devices?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a remote?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object connected to?	Oracle said: It is connected to other devices.	Guesser said: Where is the object located in relation to other appliances in the home?	Oracle said: It is often located near other appliances in the home.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sculpture,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.	
seesaw,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a recreational activity.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a carousel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function besides recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jungle gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a recreational activity.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function besides recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: Correct	
sharkskin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has various colors.	Guesser said: Is it a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hard outer layer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coral?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of animal is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of animal.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object eat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a shark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a sea urchin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sea turtle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a whale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used as?	Oracle said: As a material.	Guesser said: Does the object have fins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dolphin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have scales?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a squid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide protection.	Guesser said: Is the object an eel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pufferfish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jellyfish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seahorse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: It does not move.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a starfish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Gray.	Guesser said: Is the object an octopus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hard outer layer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turtle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have fins?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	
shawl,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: In what category would you classify this object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the body?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object primarily worn on?	Oracle said: The object is primarily worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of thermal underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Can this object be easily transported?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earmuffs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a turtleneck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing designed to protect the body from the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a thick material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shears,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would the object be found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object an ax?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hedge trimmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for digging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawnmower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sickle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on trees?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a craft knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed tip?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for opening packages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object a carving knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	
shelf,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Does this object tend to be small or large?	Oracle said: It can be large.	Guesser said: Is the object often found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shapes associated with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cabinet.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides holding things?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common colors for the object?	Oracle said: Some common colors are brown  white  and black.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dresser.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coffee table.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for decoration or a practical purpose?	Oracle said: A practical purpose.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object near a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shelf.	Oracle said: Correct.	
shell,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shell or outer covering?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shield,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shingle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect from the elements.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the outside of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden window shutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: On a roof.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shingle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shirt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather rubber  and fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoelace,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require any special tools or equipment to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of string?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used for tying shoes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoestring,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To tie something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object most often used?	Oracle said: On a shoe.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct	
shorts,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What parts of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Legs.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: Correct	
showerhead,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To dispense water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically attached to a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shrapnel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cause harm to humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tank.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object would be found in?	Oracle said: A battlefield.	Guesser said: Is the object a projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade or sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require explosives or ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a land mine.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to kill many people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an artillery shell.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically operated from a distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be carried by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a trigger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object explode on impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cluster bomb.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in close combat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: How is the object deployed?	Oracle said: It is deployed by an explosion.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an IED.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be hidden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a war zone.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used offensively or defensively?	Oracle said: Offensively.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rocket.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used against other vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have fins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel through the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a missile.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object contain multiple warheads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have guidance systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically deployed from?	Oracle said: From a weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object explode?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: How many of these objects are typically used at once?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of damage does this object cause?	Oracle said: Piercing.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: No.	
sickle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the cutting edge of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a sickle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sidewall,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It provides a vertical barrier.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the wall made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the wall located?	Oracle said: It is located on the side.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the wall?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the wall have any purpose other than being a barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the wall have any openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wall provide privacy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a basement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall used to separate two areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of plaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall a non-load bearing interior wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall a fire wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wall provide sound insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wall.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the height of the wall?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the wall have any electrical outlets or switches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall an unfinished wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall a foundation wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall located in a commercial building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall used to support a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall a part of a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wall.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall an exterior wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wall separate two rooms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wall help control temperature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall an insulated wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall located in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wall provide sound insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall part of a storage space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wall.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of Sheetrock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall located in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall used to enclose a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall made of plasterboard?	Oracle said: No.	
sieve,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To separate substances.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sieve?	Oracle said: Correct	
sifter,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To separate materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials does the object typically separate?	Oracle said: Powders and solids.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a sifter?	Oracle said: Correct	
silk,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used as a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of places.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sill,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object a floorboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support for a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes or openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the structural framework of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical lifespan of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical thickness of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in the construction of houses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a 2x4?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component used to frame a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden header?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special treatments or coatings?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the frame of a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a top plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To support a structure.	Guesser said: What is the typical lifespan of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a cripple stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trimmer stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any curves or bends?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect other wooden pieces together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a building?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical length?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a corner post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sill plate?	Oracle said: Correct	
silverware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steak knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to scoop food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soup spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to spread something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the cutting part of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used to spread?	Oracle said: It is used to spread.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to scoop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the handle made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a dull knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's blade serrated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for spreading?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat wide surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to scoop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teaspoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary use for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used to scoop?	Oracle said: I do not know.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a dining table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or many at once?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object a table knife?	Oracle said: No.	
sink,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for washing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: Correct	
sketchbook,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Art supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a sketchpad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other tools or materials to be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific textures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watercolor paper pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific kind of art is it most often used in?	Oracle said: It is most often used in drawing.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the textures associated with the object?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of drawing paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create art.	Guesser said: Is the object a sketchbook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ski,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a means of transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sport equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a mountain.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: I think the object is a snowboard.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to go up the mountain or down the mountain?	Oracle said: Down the mountain.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately 170 centimeters long.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ski.	Oracle said: Correct.	
skillet,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for boiling liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a frying pan.	Oracle said: Correct.	
skirt,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of many materials.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
skullcap,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the common use of the hat?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: Is it a hard hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the hat?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the hat associated with any particular profession or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the hat?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is the hat most commonly worn in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the hat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the hat worn primarily by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is it a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a bill or brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have any specific cultural associations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have any religious associations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a kippah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat cover the entire head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a yarmulke?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a peak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a durag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a long  flowing piece of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a skullcap?	Oracle said: Correct	
slacks,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function beyond being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical use case of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is this object worn on?	Oracle said: The lower part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have belt loops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object khaki pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these pants for formal or casual wear?	Oracle said: Casual.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of shorts.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary fabric of the pants?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: Casual.	Guesser said: Is the object sweatpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object linen pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object stretch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object chinos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object capri pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tight fit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of cargo pants.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual cut of the object?	Oracle said: It can have different cuts.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific style of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object wrinkle easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object work pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a tight fit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the work pants cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a style of uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object corduroy pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	
slate,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes like a particular shape or size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: Is it a carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found indoors.	Guesser said: Does it have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a writing slate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sledgehammer,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strike things.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the head of the hammer made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the handle of the hammer?	Oracle said: To hold the hammer.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the hammer?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are some things the hammer can be used to strike?	Oracle said: Nails.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the hammer?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a claw hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the head of the hammer square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hammer used by carpenters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sleeve,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: In what category would you place the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold something that is usually consumed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold something that is usually worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sleigh,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport something.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden train track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object fall into?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose other than transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a snowy environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sleigh?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slingshot,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To propel something.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slipcover,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object typically protect?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furniture cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative or functional?	Oracle said: Functional.	Guesser said: Is the object fitted to the furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipcover?	Oracle said: Correct	
slipper,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To protect and provide comfort to the feet.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
smock,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to protect clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: It can be found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific type of clothing does the object protect?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust cover for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: Is it a suit cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bag for clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipcover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it would be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment that is worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cover-up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the cover-up?	Oracle said: I am not a cover-up.	Guesser said: Is the object a house dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: It can be found in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a location.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have closures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide complete coverage for the clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smock?	Oracle said: Correct	
sneaker,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect and support the foot.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the shoe made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is the shoe typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the shoe is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber fabric  and leather.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a hiking boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the shoe?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shoe typically worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sneaker?	Oracle said: Correct	
snorkel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for breathing underwater.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of diving equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scuba tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a bag.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowman,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It has no function.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: An object.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a pearl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What happens to the object when the temperature increases?	Oracle said: It melts.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for anything?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowman?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object usually worn on?	Oracle said: The object is usually worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the fabric?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual location of the object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily removed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material is the fabric made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn in different ways?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily put on and taken off?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a waterproof material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of keeping a person warm?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anorak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have insulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have elastic cuffs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a down jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be water resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snow jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a snow skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a winter jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hiking jacket?	Oracle said: No.	
snuffbox,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing small objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or designs on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small container for pills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the small metal box used to hold tobacco?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cigarette case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing small  dry herbs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snuff box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sock,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sofa,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object upholstered?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a couch.	Oracle said: Correct.	
softball,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be thrown and caught.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for recreation or sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is approximately the size of a grapefruit.	Guesser said: What sport is the ball used in?	Oracle said: Softball.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a softball.	Oracle said: Correct.	
songbook,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the book typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for songs.	Guesser said: Is the book a songbook?	Oracle said: Correct	
spacesuit,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacesuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spandex,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To stretch.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is stretchy.	Guesser said: Is the object's category a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover a body part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object spandex?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sparkler,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and chemicals.	Guesser said: Is the object a firework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glow stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object activated?	Oracle said: It is lit with a flame.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or portable?	Oracle said: Portable	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stick of incense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's use?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: Is the object a firecracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used recreationally?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire pit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a liquid component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zippo lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any fuel to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to smoking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firefly lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal chemicals  and a stick.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the light produced?	Oracle said: By combustion.	Guesser said: Is the object a firecracker?	Oracle said: No.	
spatula,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object plug into an electrical outlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a flat shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What food is commonly cooked with this object?	Oracle said: Food is commonly cooked with this object.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used directly on a stove top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other kitchen tools is the object often used with?	Oracle said: Other kitchen tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of food is commonly cooked with this object?	Oracle said: It is commonly used to cook food.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the objects's location in a kitchen?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookie sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a flat shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What kind of food is commonly cooked with this object?	Oracle said: Food is commonly cooked with this object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crepe pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat-top grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a skillet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crepe pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sides?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of food is commonly cooked with the object?	Oracle said: It is commonly used with many types of food.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a flat shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pizza pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sides?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat-top grill?	Oracle said: No.	
spear,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pierce or throw.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spectacles,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spittoon,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for spitting into.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative spittoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spool,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a workshop or office.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object hold liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spoon,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Can the object be made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
squeegee,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean sidewalks or driveways?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stagecoach,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a road.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's main category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagecoach?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow someone to move between different levels.	Guesser said: Does the object have steps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of building is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: Buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: Correct	
stapler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten papers together.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
statue,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a statue?	Oracle said: Correct.	
statuette,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it fall into?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What era does the sculpture come from?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a bronze sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the art?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture abstract?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture figurative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the subject of the sculpture?	Oracle said: It is a statuette.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of ivory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ceramic sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small figurative sculpture  that is displayed in a museum. Is the object a wax sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gold sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Can the sculpture be found in a private collection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the figurine made of porcelain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the figurine from the 20th century?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Roman figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small  smooth  figurative figurine. The figurine is displayed in a museum  and sometimes it is in a private collection. The figurine is not made of marble  bronze  or porcelain  and it is not from the 20th century or the Roman era. Is the figurine made of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a jade figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the figurine depict an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the country of origin?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the statue a relief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the statue a torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the statue a full human figure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the statue a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the statue depict a mythical being?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the statue represent a part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the statue of a god?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small statue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a symbol of authority?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stone sandstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily appreciated for its aesthetic value?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative garden stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any inscriptions on it?	Oracle said: No.	
stencil,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To create a pattern or design.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: Does this object have a specific location where it is typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stethoscope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to sounds.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal rubber  and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stethoscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stiletto,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place this in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a flip-flop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the toes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a high-top shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place this in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a loafer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Mary Jane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place this in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a clog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn on a foot.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the top of the foot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the toes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an opening on the top of the foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a ballet flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heeled loafer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on a foot.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a court shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a court shoe!	Oracle said: Correct.	
stilt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To elevate the user.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: Is the tool commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to reach high places?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the tool used on a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a scaffolding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a sawhorse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the tool a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To elevate the user.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a set of stairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: Is the tool a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by construction workers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function related to supporting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To elevate the user.	Guesser said: Is the object a diving board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank used to walk across something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden batten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	
stirrup,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for support.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the tool?	Oracle said: It is used to help someone ride an animal.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a horse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a spur?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the rider?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object reins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the horse does the object attach to?	Oracle said: It does not attach to the horse.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is U-shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a stirrup?	Oracle said: Correct	
stocking,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for more specifically?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the different shapes that the object can be?	Oracle said: The object can be a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of nylon.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the shape of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube of fabric used to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sock.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in more specific terms?	Oracle said: It is used for covering a foot.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sock.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the home?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object something to be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have openings for different parts of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main material of the object?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a house shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made to cover a leg?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of pajamas.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come as a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have openings for the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of shorts.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an item of clothing that is tight fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where in the home is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the home.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	
stool,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
storybook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the book's cover made of?	Oracle said: It is made of paper.	Guesser said: Where is the book typically found?	Oracle said: In a library.	Guesser said: What is the book's genre?	Oracle said: It is not a non-fiction book.	Guesser said: What is the book's purpose?	Oracle said: To tell a story.	Guesser said: Is the book a children's book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the book have a title?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book primarily used for educational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book fictional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the book's approximate length?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book intended for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the book an easy read?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book a fairytale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common themes found within the book?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book a graphic novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have many pictures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a picture book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book's intended audience?	Oracle said: Children.	Guesser said: Is it a book with short stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book's main purpose?	Oracle said: To tell a story.	Guesser said: Is the book a coloring book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have many images?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book considered a reference book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book intended to teach the reader a lesson?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book an alphabet book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a lot of text?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the book a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book's primary objective?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Is it a book with large fonts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a book for older children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess it is a picture book.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the book about?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the book have a lot of illustrations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book interactive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the book usually found?	Oracle said: In a library.	Guesser said: Is the book a fairy tale book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book's approximate age range?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book a concept book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a strong narrative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a lift-the-flap book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pop-up book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a lot of pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a book with rhyming text?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a beginner reader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long is the story in the book?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the book a short story collection?	Oracle said: No.	
stove,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to boil water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of food is cooked in the object most often?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common food that is cooked in the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary external material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a countertop convection oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any additional utensils or equipment to be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object controlled?	Oracle said: It can be controlled with knobs or buttons.	Guesser said: What type of power source does the object use?	Oracle said: It uses electricity and/or gas.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heating element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a double oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a glass window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the kitchen is the object located?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove top?	Oracle said: Correct.	
straightjacket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To restrain someone.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a hospital.	Guesser said: Is the object a straightjacket?	Oracle said: Correct	
strap,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To secure or fasten something.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides securing or fastening something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strap?	Oracle said: Correct	
string,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of anything.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a string?	Oracle said: Correct.	
strongbox,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Does the object typically reside indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box made of cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this box typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a place where valuables are stored.	Guesser said: Is the box a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the box inside a building?	Oracle said: Inside a building.	Guesser said: Is the box a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the box used to store?	Oracle said: Valuables.	Guesser said: Is the box a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have a lock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used for professional purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box expensive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a strongbox?	Oracle said: Correct	
stucco,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide a durable and weather-resistant surface for walls.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found on the exterior of buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a covering for the outside of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of roofing material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in residential buildings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stucco?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suit,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Black navy  gray.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suitcase,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes hotels  and transportation hubs.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sundial,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is it typically carried by a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: Correct	
sundress,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What season is the object most commonly used in?	Oracle said: Summer.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Torso and legs.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the occasion the dress is worn for?	Oracle said: Casual.	Guesser said: Is the dress a t-shirt dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the dress typically bought?	Oracle said: At a store.	Guesser said: Is the dress a summer dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sundress.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunglass,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunglasses,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what environment is this object typically used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To protect eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: Are they sunglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunlamp,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of lamp is it?	Oracle said: I am not a type of lamp.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To produce light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a building?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fluorescent light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for a source of light.	Guesser said: What is a setting where this object would be found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light it produces constant or does it fluctuate?	Oracle said: Constant.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sconce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a halogen lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a filament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bulb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an incandescent lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use LEDs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lava lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a glass component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerosene lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of light fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chandelier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a ballast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a reflector?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a track light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recessed lighting fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have exposed wires?	Oracle said: No.	
sunroof,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It allows light and air to enter a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this object usually located?	Oracle said: On top of something.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sunroof.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunscreen,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect from the sun.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Cosmetic.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a solid.	Guesser said: Can the object be used on a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sunscreen?	Oracle said: Correct	
surfboard,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the ground or in the air?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a frisbee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a stick or other tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object a horseshoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object aerodynamic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fiberglass.	Guesser said: Is the object a discus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole vault pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vaulting pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a single person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the sport of surfing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suspender,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: Elastic.	Guesser said: Is it used by people to hold things up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothing item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily interact with?	Oracle said: The torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by men or women or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures or fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspender?	Oracle said: Correct	
swatch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To compare colors or materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Material.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a swatch?	Oracle said: Correct	
sweater,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweatpants,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond just being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a closet.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection from the cold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is this object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Legs	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have a waist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of trousers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have belt loops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of chinos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn in a work environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweatshirt,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the sweater is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sweater have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a pullover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the sweater beyond keeping someone warm?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the sweater made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater typically worn during the spring or fall?	Oracle said: I am not a sweater.	Guesser said: Does the sweater have any patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cotton pullover sweater.	Oracle said: Correct.	
swimsuit,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a pool.	Guesser said: Is this object typically made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a bathing suit?	Oracle said: Correct	
sword,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for combat.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a battle.	Guesser said: Is the weapon a sword?	Oracle said: Correct.	
syringe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To inject or withdraw fluids.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object most commonly found in a hospital?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tablecloth,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a specific color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a dining room.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a tablecloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tailcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for formal occasions.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: It is not worn on the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of formal gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or fastening mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object an ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any specific professions or occupations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by a conductor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by someone in the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by a waiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a priest's cassock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a police officer's coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lapel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be form fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by someone in the medical profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dinner jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	
tambourine,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and skin.	Guesser said: Where would this instrument most likely be found?	Oracle said: In an orchestra.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What sound does this instrument make?	Oracle said: It makes a sound.	Guesser said: How is the instrument played?	Oracle said: It is typically played by shaking or striking it.	Guesser said: Is the object a maraca?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function within an orchestra?	Oracle said: To provide a percussive sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a snare drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the construction of the skin part of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: Correct	
tape,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To record audio or video.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floppy disk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the machine the object is in?	Oracle said: To record and play back audio or video.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of data does the object record?	Oracle said: Audio video  and data.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in medicine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tarmac,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object typically exist outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the road primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: Where is the road typically located?	Oracle said: On the ground.	Guesser said: Is the road straight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a private road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a city street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road in a rural area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What types of vehicles travel on the road?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the road primarily used for pedestrian traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a bike path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the road connect to other roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a parkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road primarily for commercial vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a residential street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a service road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the road have sidewalks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate width of the road?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the road a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the road have lanes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the road a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the road in an industrial area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the road have a shoulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is an asphalt street.	Oracle said: Correct.	
tarp,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect something from the elements.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tassel,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on clothing or home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What type of clothing or home decor is the object typically found on?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: It is attached to something.	Guesser said: What category of home decor is the object most often used in?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific room is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: I am not typically found in a room.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the other materials the object is used with?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a runner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any functional properties beyond decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object found on clothing?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What is the material that the object is attached to?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is stringy.	Guesser said: Is the object a tassel?	Oracle said: Correct	
teakettle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's common location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a cube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's common location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	
teapot,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Does this object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose besides holding liquids?	Oracle said: To pour liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used for both storing and pouring hot liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telescope,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To observe distant objects.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
terrycloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object naturally occuring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Terrycloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to clean?	Oracle said: It is used to clean.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary location the object is found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry yourself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to clean in the bathroom?	Oracle said: I am not a bathroom object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for absorbing liquids.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry your feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to absorb water from the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a body towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any loops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry yourself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath puff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	
textbook,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a school or library.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the book?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what category would the book be classified?	Oracle said: Education.	Guesser said: Does the book have images in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a title?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book educational?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermos,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep things at a certain temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual location of the object?	Oracle said: It can be found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thong,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What parts of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: It covers the buttocks and genitals.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: I guess the object is underwear.	Oracle said: Correct.	
throne,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To sit on.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood metal  or stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations where the object might be found?	Oracle said: Palaces  castles  and other places of royalty.	Guesser said: Is the object a throne?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thumbtack,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: In what category would you classify this object?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a specialized tool to be used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of fastener that can be easily removed and reused?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to connect two pieces of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is it a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used on?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a push pin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tiara,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object an anklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nose ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyebrow ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a belly button ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tongue ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on the ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a lip ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Head	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct	
tightrope,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be walked on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of a material.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a park?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond being walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any raised areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use beyond being walked on?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a paved area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dance floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the other purposes of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a running track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have boundaries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for exercise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a running track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a balance beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a path?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path made of asphalt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the path a wooden boardwalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path covered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path a dirt path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the path made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	
tights,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object long or short?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is the object most commonly worn?	Oracle said: Winter	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long thermal underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire legs or just part of them?	Oracle said: The object covers the entire legs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: Correct	
tile,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Rigid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tile.	Oracle said: Correct.	
timber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To build things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific use in building?	Oracle said: It is used in construction.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the frame of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a stud.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the usual length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the roof of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object provide structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a purlin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific joints or connections?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a roof truss.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed to the elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object treated with any chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other building materials is the object used with?	Oracle said: Bricks concrete  and steel.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a wooden header.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the frame of the wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a stud.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object covered by another material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sill plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a lintel.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What part of the building is the object found in?	Oracle said: It can be found in the structure of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object horizontal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to other wooden objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a joist.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object supporting a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a header.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in framing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the usual length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in interior walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the exterior wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to other structural elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	
tinfoil,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Silver.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To wrap food.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of aluminum foil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does this object have any other functions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a silver serving platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are not silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of cooking utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a silver food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to keep food fresh?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a silver lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used when serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roll of plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides wrapping food?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a silver food wrap?	Oracle said: Correct	
tinsel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wall decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall decoration a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the wall decoration a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object 2D or 3D?	Oracle said: 3D	Guesser said: Is it a decorative shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is it a decorative light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be described as a collection of smaller objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall mounted display of smaller items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative wreath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical purpose in addition to decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative wall sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it involve the use of lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative mobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of paper or cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative wall plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative wall sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of smaller decorative items attached to a backing for wall mounting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall-mounted plastic flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plastic sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative plastic panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plastic frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic decorative object with no clear purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic wall-mounted plant holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a repeating pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative plastic tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the repeating pattern geometric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plastic garland?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an item you would put on a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative plastic mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single unified piece or composed of multiple parts?	Oracle said: Composed of multiple parts.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative plastic chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the parts all the same size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plastic mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object composed of plastic beads that hang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative plastic chandelier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic wall hanging composed of interconnected pieces?	Oracle said: No.	
toboggan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide recreation.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this fall into?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object generally found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation primarily on land water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carousel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a track or a path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can people ride the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any kind of support structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object generally found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation primarily on land  water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this fall into?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object generally found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation primarily on land  water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Yes.	
toga,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In ancient Rome.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What were the physical attributes of this garment?	Oracle said: It is a long flowing garment.	Guesser said: Is this a Toga?	Oracle said: Correct	
tomahawk,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used as a tool or weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for construction or crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used by hunters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hunting knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long pointed blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking or impacting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to chop or split something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a tomahawk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tongs,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To grasp and hold objects.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or for preparing food?	Oracle said: For preparing food.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to stir things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pair of tongs. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toolbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store and organize tools.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: Correct	
toothbrush,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toothpick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothpick?	Oracle said: Correct	
topcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in relation to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: It is worn to protect the person from the elements.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What other type of clothing is the object commonly worn with?	Oracle said: A suit.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have lapels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tuxedo jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the occasion for wearing the object?	Oracle said: Formal.	Guesser said: Is it a tailcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there any embellishments on the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military dress coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a vent in the back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frock coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific association with a particular event or role?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Chesterfield coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with business wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a Polo coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered a classic style?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a car coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What weather conditions is the object best suited for?	Oracle said: Cold weather.	Guesser said: Is it a duffle coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the cut of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be a fashion statement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a Greatcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have epaulettes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Mackintosh coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific activity?	Oracle said: No.	
torch,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a glass component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding torch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toupee,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover a bald spot.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of material.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairpiece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To cover a bald spot.	Guesser said: Is the object a toupee?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tourniquet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To stop blood flow.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any special skills or knowledge to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric the object is made of absorbent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tourniquet.	Oracle said: Correct.	
towel,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is this object a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
towline,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pull or tow something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of rope or cable.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In or near water.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect two things together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object sink or float?	Oracle said: Float.	Guesser said: Is the object a buoy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object connected to when it is used to pull or tow something?	Oracle said: A vehicle or vessel.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mooring line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow line?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toy,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be played with.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is a toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a child's bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a doll?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trampoline,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for recreation and exercise.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of sports equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric metal  and springs.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a team sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trapeze,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a means of support for a person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object would this be classified as?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object in general terms?	Oracle said: It has length  width  and height.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to rest or sleep on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a circus.	Guesser said: Is the object a tightrope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a person to operate it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: Is the object a trapeze?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tray,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish drying rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is commonly stored in the object?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used to carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a lunch box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used to carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving tray?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tricycle,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Human.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many people can the object transport at a time?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of mainly metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require pedaling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tricycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trident,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To spear things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It can be used as a weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trident?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tripod,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To provide stability.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tripod?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trombone,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a band.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the body of the instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to strike the instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object located on the instrument?	Oracle said: It is located on the instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose within the instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouthpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the body of the instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bugle.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of slide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide for a trombone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trouser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trumpet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is gold.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a band.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trunks,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to store items.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To store items.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be carried easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a house.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes hamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have dividers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object sit on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage unit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the storage unit used for clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	
tub,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of a specific material.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tuba,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is typically gold or silver.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a band.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the method used to produce sound?	Oracle said: Blowing.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turban,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the hat?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: Where is the hat typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in South Asia and the Middle East.	Guesser said: What is the hat's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: Is the hat a turban?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turntable,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat circular surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Correct	
turtleneck,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the shirt's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the torso.	Guesser said: What is the shirt's style?	Oracle said: It is a type of shirt.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a formal garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt used for any particular activity or purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is the shirt most commonly worn in?	Oracle said: Fall	Guesser said: Is the shirt a long-sleeved t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the shirt associated with any specific activities or hobbies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a turtleneck?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tux,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object designed to cover?	Oracle said: The object is designed to cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn with other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in formal settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tuxedo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a formal setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the whole body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
typewriter,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for writing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used with ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by an artist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to write on paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used with other office supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to organize papers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be refilled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a label maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a typewriter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ukulele,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes music stores  and performance venues.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of sound does the object make?	Oracle said: It makes a strumming sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: Does the object require amplification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have frets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dulcimer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual number of strings on the instrument?	Oracle said: Four.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: Correct.	
umbrella,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect from rain.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outside.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: Correct.	
undercoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a house.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the upper or lower part of the body?	Oracle said: Lower.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a waistband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a diaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is it a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is it a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a baby onesie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object loose fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose other than just being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object held in place?	Oracle said: It is held in place by fasteners.	Guesser said: Is it a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bralette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fastener does it use?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it a girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a push up bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily worn by women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a formal event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bathing suit top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	
underpants,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific gender association?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bra.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the lower half of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specialized function beyond basic coverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of boxer shorts.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in public?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a thong.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of briefs.	Oracle said: Correct.	
undershirt,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To absorb sweat and provide a layer of insulation.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a specific type of shirt such as a t-shirt or a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the shirt?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a plain white t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have long or short sleeves?	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the shirt most likely to be worn?	Oracle said: On the upper body.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a wife beater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an undershirt.	Oracle said: Correct.	
underwear,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily cover?	Oracle said: The lower part of the body.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
unicycle,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in places where people perform tricks or for recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used on land or water?	Oracle said: Land	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a location.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used with?	Oracle said: A person.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wheel on a unicycle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
uniform,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual size or dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be considered formal or informal?	Oracle said: Formal.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a uniform?	Oracle said: Correct.	
urinal,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To receive urine.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
urn,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for holding something.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold soil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically round.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object most often used to hold?	Oracle said: It is most often used to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you most likely find the object?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an urn?	Oracle said: Correct	
utensil,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vase,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass ceramic  or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vent,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow the passage of air.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent?	Oracle said: Correct	
vest,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: Correct.	
violin,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a double bass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a viola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require amplification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object held while played?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger or smaller than a violin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
visor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have lenses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: Correct	
wagon,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose besides transporting things?	Oracle said: Transporting things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
waistband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold up clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: It is not typically found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the clothing it holds up?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object part of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to adjust the fit of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any rigid parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of woven material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bias tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for reinforcement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object seam binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily replaced?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grosgrain ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strip of fabric used to reinforce an area on clothing usually around a buttonhole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a facing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woven label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any stitching on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strip of fabric sewn onto a garment for added support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an interlining?	Oracle said: No.	
waistcoat,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by people of all genders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the trousers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during formal occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a waistcoat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wallboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Construction material.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of paper.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects secondary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for decoration or insulation.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallpaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of cardboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any text on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pad of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any folds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: A wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative qualities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of information does it present?	Oracle said: Information.	Guesser said: Is the object an advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blueprint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to health and safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a schedule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	
wallet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a pocket or a bag.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or designs on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a key.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wand,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To perform magic.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a wand?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wardrobe,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washbasin,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for washing your hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object dispense soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic container used for washing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic shower tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a ceramic hand washing basin.	Oracle said: Correct.	
washboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a laundry room.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes drying rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubbing board?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washbowl,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people at a time?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is it used for preparing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical purpose of the bowl?	Oracle said: To wash things in.	Guesser said: Is the bowl in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bowl a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bowl have any decorations or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wash basin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washcloth,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cleaning.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To clean something.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct	
washrag,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the objects physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct	
washstand,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean oneself.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood metal  or ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object dispense water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What other items can be found around this object?	Oracle said: Soap.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the process of cleaning oneself?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning oneself.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to wash the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object used on?	Oracle said: It is not used on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to skincare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washbasin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object need to be cleaned?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by someone else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found near a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a place where you clean your hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To clean something.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any liquid on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used after cleaning something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object get wet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in contact with a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in contact with soap?	Oracle said: Yes.	
washtub,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for washing things.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object a steel wool pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wash dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wash basin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use soap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal washtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wastebasket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is it a wastebasket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
watchband,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a wrist.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: It is used to hold something in place.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch band?	Oracle said: Correct.	
weeds,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To grow.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of plant is the object?	Oracle said: Plant.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors is the object?	Oracle said: Green.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a food source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the textures of the object?	Oracle said: It can be rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual environment?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a weed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a weed.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheel,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To facilitate movement.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose within the context of facilitating movement?	Oracle said: To enable or aid in movement.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural or manufactured object?	Oracle said: Manufactured.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speed bump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lane marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manhole cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a roundabout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber.	Guesser said: Is it a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a speed deterrent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a road reflector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to help stop or slow down vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a road round  made of rubber  and facilitates movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the road surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct traffic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a temporary road marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road marking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose within the context of being round and made of rubber?	Oracle said: To provide traction and facilitate movement.	Guesser said: Is it a wheel chock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheelbarrow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: Correct	
wheelchair,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide mobility.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside and outside	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel or electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly used?	Oracle said: In hospitals.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
whetstone,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To sharpen things.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sharpening stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use case?	Oracle said: To sharpen objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What type of objects can it sharpen?	Oracle said: Knives.	Guesser said: Is the object a whetstone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wig,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cosmetic purposes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to change the appearance of the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct	
windowpane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow light to pass through.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the building?	Oracle said: To let light in.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Varies.	Guesser said: What is another function of the object besides allowing light to pass through?	Oracle said: It can prevent the passage of air.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to an opening in the building?	Oracle said: It covers the opening.	Guesser said: Is the object a skylight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel in a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pane of glass in a fixed window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass tabletop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of building is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Buildings.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other specific features or uses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Could the object be considered a protective barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an entrance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Could the object be considered a structural element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass shower door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass partition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the glass object?	Oracle said: To allow light to pass through.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an exterior wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass facade panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural element of the building's exterior?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of  other than glass?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What prevents the passage of air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel in a curtain wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass skylight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object in relation to the building's exterior?	Oracle said: To let light in.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object besides letting light in?	Oracle said: It is used to see through.	Guesser said: Is the object a window in a modern building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to a person?	Oracle said: It can be bigger or smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass roof panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass observation deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object let light in to a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the pane of glass?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	
windowsill,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It provides a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found inside a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the typical category of objects that this object belongs to?	Oracle said: A building component.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects typical color?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in the building?	Oracle said: It is part of the building.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically installed or attached?	Oracle said: It is typically installed or attached to a window frame.	Guesser said: Is the object a window sill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windscreen,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent harm to a vehicle or its occupants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seatbelt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windshield,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect against wind.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct	
wineglass,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wire,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To conduct electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Can the object be flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what kind of location is the object most often found?	Oracle said: Inside a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wok,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object heated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use fire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Bowl-shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: Correct	
wool,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Material.	Guesser said: Is the object a thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fiber.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the piece of fabric a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric part of a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workbench,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category would the object be in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used to build things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you find the object outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support structures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden frame part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden frame part of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the furniture the object is a part of?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for working.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbench frame?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for writing or recording information.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for recording information.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the information recorded on the object?	Oracle said: It is recorded by writing.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spiral binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where can the object be found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the cover?	Oracle said: To protect the contents.	Guesser said: Is the object a composition book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the cover made of?	Oracle said: It does not have a cover.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have lines on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for writing and storing information.	Guesser said: Are the pages of the object held together by something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a memo pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: How are the pages held together?	Oracle said: They are held together by a binding.	Guesser said: Where might one find the object?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the binding along the short side?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the binding along the long side?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steno pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for writing or recording information.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cover hard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a softcover notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the cover?	Oracle said: To protect the contents.	Guesser said: Does the cover have any special features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the binding allow the object to lay flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spiral bound notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where might you find the object?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Does the binding allow the object to lay flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	
workstation,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used with electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To perform tasks.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object require any accessories to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's use?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with other devices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's accessories?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of office is it in?	Oracle said: Office.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To perform tasks.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a webcam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an external hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a USB drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an internal component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any user input buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the computer via a wire?	Oracle said: No.	
wristband,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Wrist.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any functions besides being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other materials besides rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitness tracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any text on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many different colors does the object have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically sold?	Oracle said: It is typically sold in stores that sell sporting goods.	Guesser said: Does the object have any association with a particular cause or organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bracelet with the colors of a pride flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bracelet promoting awareness for a cause?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be stretched?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the cause or organization the object is associated with?	Oracle said: It is used for identification and/or support.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rubber wristband for a sports team!	Oracle said: Correct.	
wristwatch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is most commonly made from metal plastic  and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristwatch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
xylophone,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce musical notes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a music room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for making music.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How many moving parts does the object have?	Oracle said: Many.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
yearbook,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record memories.	Guesser said: In what general category would you classify the object?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book new or old?	Oracle said: Old	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the book's subject matter?	Oracle said: People.	Guesser said: Is the book fiction or nonfiction?	Oracle said: Nonfiction	Guesser said: What material is the cover of the book made of?	Oracle said: It is made of paper.	Guesser said: Where might one find this book?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: Is the book a history book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have any specific markings or features that would make it unique?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a collection of stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a yearbook?	Oracle said: Correct	
yoke,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is curved.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a farm.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect two animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a halter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical length?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Animals.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect two objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect an animal to a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to connect an animal to another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hitch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoke?	Oracle said: Correct.	
zipper,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and fabric.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: Correct	
airplane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Does it have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
airship,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object powered?	Oracle said: It is powered by engines.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle is it?	Oracle said: Air.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zeppelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pressurized cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: Is the object an airship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ambulance,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide medical assistance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ammunition,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To propel a projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require explosives to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow and arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long narrow shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trebuchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a spring to propel the projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object  compared to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object rely on air pressure to propel the projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a container.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the projectile?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a ballista?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on a battlefield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to launch a specific type of projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a catapult?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in warfare?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to naval combat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be set up and used in a specific location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a lot of force to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trebuchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object utilize a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a javelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require physical contact to be used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dagger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	
amplifier,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object typically serve a practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what kind of location would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stereo system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require installation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cord?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power drill?	Oracle said: No.	
antenna,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To receive or transmit radio signals.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a radio antenna?	Oracle said: Correct.	
audiotape,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a player.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: Correct	
automobile,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
barometer,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a professional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a graduated cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object is used in?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is being measured by the object?	Oracle said: Atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
battleship,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in naval combat.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a crew?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bazooka,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately the size of a person.	Guesser said: Does the object require the user to be in contact with it to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a long gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate age?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by the military?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an assault rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use gunpowder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a howitzer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require multiple people to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sniper rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's range?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's level of portability?	Oracle said: It is portable.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a muzzle-loading rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rifled barrel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flintlock rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object loaded?	Oracle said: With ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a breech-loading rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of ammunition does the object use?	Oracle said: It uses ammunition.	Guesser said: Is the object a repeating rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sights?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a modern hunting rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Civil War era rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wooden stock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt-action rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use cartridges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a metallic cartridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm that uses paper cartridges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breech-loading weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion cap rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an early form of repeating rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a trigger?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swivel gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a firing pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a black powder weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a breach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an ignition system separate from the ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a ramrod?	Oracle said: No.	
beeper,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It makes a sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to communicate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It makes a sound.	Guesser said: What type of sound does it make?	Oracle said: It makes a beep sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In a lab.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in a lab?	Oracle said: It is not used in a lab.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic	Guesser said: Does the object have a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Geiger counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the environment the object is typically found in?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object provide information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in relation to its construction?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound it makes a warning?	Oracle said: No.	
blowtorch,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply heat.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the general category of objects this object belongs to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the welding tool used for a specific type of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the welding tool's primary function?	Oracle said: To weld.	Guesser said: Is the welding tool electric or gas powered?	Oracle said: Gas powered.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is it commonly used by professionals or hobbyists?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas-powered welder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is commonly used with the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a soldering iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a tank?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary fuel source for the object?	Oracle said: Propane.	Guesser said: Does the object have a nozzle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a propane torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any attachments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brazing torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for joining metals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a heating element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas-powered heating torch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for soldering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a propane soldering torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the flame produced by the object?	Oracle said: Variable.	Guesser said: Is the object used on small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas-powered heating torch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heavy-duty work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cut metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require a fuel source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of metal is commonly cut using this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object create sparks when used?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasma cutter?	Oracle said: No.	
boiler,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in a building?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boiler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bomb,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To cause destruction.	Guesser said: What category does this object fall into?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boxcar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a railroad.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a train car.	Oracle said: Correct.	
breathalyzer,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a vehicle or at a police station.	Guesser said: Does this object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified in?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object need batteries to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breathalyzer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bullet,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To be fired from a gun.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
burner,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce heat.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is this object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is this object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a gas stovetop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used directly on the stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to boil water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of food is typically cooked using this object?	Oracle said: I am not a food.	Guesser said: Is the object found near the stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cook food directly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cast iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is typically placed inside of the object?	Oracle said: Fuel.	Guesser said: Is this object a fondue pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a chafing dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep food warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a burner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bus,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle designed for use on land in the water  or in the air?	Oracle said: on land	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used by individuals or many people at once?	Oracle said: Many people at once.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.	
buzzer,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camcorder,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record video.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes and stores.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital camcorder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camera,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To capture images.	Guesser said: What category of object does this fall into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a lens.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Correct.	
candle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: It does not require a source of power.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: Correct	
cannon,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of weapon.	Guesser said: Does it require ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct	
cannonball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Ammunition.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is it a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a sphere.	Guesser said: Is it a cannonball?	Oracle said: Correct	
car,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cartridge,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a printer.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a cartridge?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cassette,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes cars  and stores.	Guesser said: Is it primarily used by one person or multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: Primarily used by one person.	Guesser said: What is this object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chainsaw,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has an elongated shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chainsaw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
compass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To determine direction.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
computer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for computing.	Guesser said: Where would one find this object?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
defibrillator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To save lives.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  and rubber.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In hospitals.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in emergency situations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a defibrillator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
detonator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To initiate an explosion.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a place where explosives are used.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object is this?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a detonator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishwasher,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dishwasher.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To signal someone.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on or near a building's entrance.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dryer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To dry things.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes dryer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dumbwaiter,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport items between floors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside a building?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an elevator.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located within a home?	Oracle said: Typically located within a home.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object within a home?	Oracle said: It is used to transport items between floors.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a food lift.	Oracle said: Correct.	
earphone,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to another device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of earbuds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object connected to?	Oracle said: A device.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or physical controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound itself or does it require an external speaker?	Oracle said: It does not produce sound itself.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What device does it connect to?	Oracle said: A phone.	Guesser said: Is the object a wired headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary shape.	Guesser said: How is the object controlled?	Oracle said: It is controlled by touch.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartwatch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Bluetooth receiver for a car's stereo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control for a Bluetooth device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clip to attach to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small audio device that you wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to fitness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a Bluetooth button.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to answer calls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object's touch controls?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessibility device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  wearable device used to control music playback on a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep tracker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to your ear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an earbud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a microphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object fit entirely inside the ear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an in-ear Bluetooth earpiece.	Oracle said: Correct.	
earpiece,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific uses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What are the primary physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To listen.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a smart watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is it headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is it primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is it a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is it an implantable device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to other devices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object earbuds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for primarily?	Oracle said: To listen.	Guesser said: Is the object a bone conduction headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any wires or cables attached to it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wireless audio receiver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the audio receiver for a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bluetooth receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the power source of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a power source.	Guesser said: Is it a wearable speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a charging port?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wireless audio receiver that fits in the ear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To listen.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing enhancement device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an earbud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any lights on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object amplify sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bone-conduction device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to another device wirelessly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hearing augmentation device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a microphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bluetooth earpiece?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eggbeater,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mix ingredients.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It has no general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific attachments or parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides mixing ingredients?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to stir liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple tines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the attachments or parts of the object?	Oracle said: It has beaters.	Guesser said: Is the object an egg beater?	Oracle said: Correct	
elevator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or things between different levels of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: Correct	
engine,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide power.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a machine.	Guesser said: What are the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the materials the object is made of.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the engine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ferry,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What category of objects would you classify this object as?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of boat is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of boat.	Guesser said: Is it a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the boat?	Oracle said: To transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ferryboat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct	
film,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: In what location would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: In a cinema.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is larger than a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display images or videos?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a seating arrangement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be interacted with?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a giant movie poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ticket machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of anything.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Can you touch the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light installation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the object's texture.	Guesser said: Does the object have a function beyond entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you can buy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you interact with the object to be entertained?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the building itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Is the object a special effect?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional purpose beyond entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something to read?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a show?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tactile object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a performance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object scenery?	Oracle said: No.	
flamethrower,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a battlefield.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To project fire.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flamethrower?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flashbulb,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object has no color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To produce light.	Guesser said: Where would you find the object?	Oracle said: In a camera.	Guesser said: Is the object a flash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Photography.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific function does the object perform?	Oracle said: To emit a bright flash of light.	Guesser said: Is the object a flash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the camera is it located in?	Oracle said: It is not located in the camera.	Guesser said: Is the object used to illuminate the subject in a photograph?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reflector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where else can the object be used?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What are the general properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: Is the object an external device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to modify light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light meter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the light in a photograph?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reflector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Photography.	Guesser said: Is the object a softbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to modify the shape of the light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object change the direction of light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object affect the color of the light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snoot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the purpose of making the light softer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to block light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in photography?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a prism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object change the image being taken in a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colored gel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object control the light in the photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object affect the photograph at all?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the camera itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object focus light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a view finder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object alter the photograph?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kaleidoscope?	Oracle said: No.	
flashlight,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: I think the object is a lamp.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a flashlight.	Oracle said: Correct.	
floodlight,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common household item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sign that is exposed to the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal grate that is on the ground and produces heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal object that is outside and used to make a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object again?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sculpture that is lit by internal lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal container used for a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal sign that is lit by a light source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floodlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fuse,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To protect a circuit from overcurrent.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gearshift,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To change gears.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Mechanical.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a transmission?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as its size  shape  and texture?	Oracle said: It is typically small  with a shape that is often a lever or stick  and the texture can vary depending on the material it is made of.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear shift?	Oracle said: Correct	
gramophone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object an acoustic guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stereo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	
grenade,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cause damage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a war zone.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a cylinder.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handgun,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a holster a drawer  or on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: Is the object a small handgun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headlight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headphone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal  and fabric.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the main controls on the object?	Oracle said: Volume control  power button.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of headphones?	Oracle said: Correct	
hearse,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To transport deceased people.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found at a funeral home or cemetery.	Guesser said: Is this object a casket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of this object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is this object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct	
heater,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide heat.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a radiator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a space heater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
helicopter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a complex shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hotplate,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To heat things.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
houseboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: Correct	
hovercraft,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or objects.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Land  water  and air.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to travel over water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a license to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary mode of propulsion?	Oracle said: It uses a fan.	Guesser said: Is the object an airboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on both water and land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swamp boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on the surface of the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in both fresh and saltwater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amphibious vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an amphibious car.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's hull?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object's use?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo over various surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in areas with marshy terrain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amphibious bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is an amphibious construction vehicle.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an environment where the terrain is difficult to navigate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a protective covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is an amphibious cargo vessel.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation of goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	
hydrant,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose other than providing water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other common uses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for irrigation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water source for animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pond?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to catch rain water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a public water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object above ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To provide water.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a rain barrel.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the flow of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a water source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an irrigation component?	Oracle said: No.	
incubator,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a controlled environment for something.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a lab.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store anything?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a petri dish.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a box.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for research?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a freezer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to store?	Oracle said: It is used to store.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a biosafety cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an incubator?	Oracle said: Correct	
inhaler,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To assist with breathing.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home or a medical facility.	Guesser said: Is this object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is this object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does this object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a ventilator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is this object a medical oxygen tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is this object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is this object used to help someone breathe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this a nebulizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a handheld inhaler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
intercom,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Commonly found indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly used?	Oracle said: In buildings.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal or business use?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a communication device used in offices?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transmit information visually?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main material the object is constructed of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jackhammer,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: In what kind of location is the object usually found?	Oracle said: Construction sites.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To break things.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sledgehammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for demolition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a jackhammer?	Oracle said: Correct	
jeep,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is it a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by individuals or groups of people?	Oracle said: Used by individuals or groups of people.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object operate on a fixed schedule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a school bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found on highways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a moving van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tour bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple rows of seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shuttle bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific route?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a party bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal or commercial use?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large cargo area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a minivan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a covered cargo area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical characteristics?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a Jeep?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose in military operations?	Oracle said: To transport personnel and cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a transport aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a military transport aircraft.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have propellers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's range?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary purpose is to transport personel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cargo plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large cargo capacity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate wingspan?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for long-range flights?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a surveillance aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object capable of carrying troops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tanker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specialized role in the military?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reconnaissance aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's role to support other aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for search and rescue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refueling plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a unique design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an early warning aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object equipped with specialized equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific sensor suite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide any type of communication relay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an electronic warfare aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maritime patrol aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pressurized cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a high-altitude reconnaissance aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to carry passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object used for search and rescue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transport aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo plane?	Oracle said: No.	
joystick,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To control something.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a control panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object control?	Oracle said: A game.	Guesser said: Is the object a game controller?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: What location is the object most likely to be found?	Oracle said: In a game room.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game controller?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How many buttons does the object have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I have guessed the object.	Oracle said: Correct.	
jukebox,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It plays music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keyboard,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for inputting text and commands into a computer.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keypad,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To input data.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a keypad?	Oracle said: Correct	
lamp,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a specific color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lamppost,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: In what general location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a manufactured object?	Oracle said: A manufactured object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a street light.	Oracle said: Correct.	
landline,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a moderate size.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline phone?	Oracle said: Correct	
laptop,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common materials used in the object's construction?	Oracle said: Plastic metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
laser,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials depending on the type of laser.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location within the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used to communicate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser pointer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lightbulb,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a lamp.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: Correct	
limousine,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object transport many people at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
locomotive,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: On a railway.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What are the typical materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find the object?	Oracle said: On a railway.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What are the common materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object most often found?	Oracle said: On a railway.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On a railway.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: On tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	
loudspeaker,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a breadbox?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
matchstick,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: Correct	
megaphone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To amplify sound.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what general category would you place the object?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct	
microchip,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in electronic devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic.	Guesser said: Is the object a microchip?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microcomputer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: Is the object a server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object store information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a router?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function beyond processing information?	Oracle said: It has no primary function beyond processing information.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the internet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a modem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of physical connection does the object utilize?	Oracle said: It utilizes a physical connection.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the common materials used to create this object?	Oracle said: Plastic metal  and silicon.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer chip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Computation.	Guesser said: Is the object a power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a dedicated cooling system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ethernet port?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object generate heat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a CPU?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of network hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect directly to other components within a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a power button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer's internal components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide the computer with storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the physical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to the motherboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object RAM?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contribute to the computer's display output?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a graphics card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main purpose?	Oracle said: To compute.	Guesser said: Is the object a CPU?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an Integrated GPU?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object receive an electrical current?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object receive an electrical current?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a resistor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it found inside a computer case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a fan?	Oracle said: No.	
minibus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than 4 wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require fuel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than 4 wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than 4 wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	
minivan,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Does it have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material it is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it require a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is it a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is its approximate weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does it have?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is it a van?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it commonly used for transporting goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment or location where this object is found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on roads and highways.	Guesser said: Does it have doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it designed to carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hatchback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose or function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people and cargo.	Guesser said: Is it a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a flat bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple rows of seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a minivan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
missile,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To destroy targets.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide motion.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorbike,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by multiple people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hull?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabin cruiser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a steering wheel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to travel on the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for waterskiing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wakeboard boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	
motorbus,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a complex shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fuel does the object use?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than 4 wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material of the object's body?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a convertible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pick up truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a windshield?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchback?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have air conditioning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sunroof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hybrid vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have automatic transmission?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a radio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a navigation system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a minivan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossover SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have leather seats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a luxury vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have power windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an economy car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a digital odometer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pick up truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a four-door sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a manual transmission?	Oracle said: No.	
motorcycle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Does it travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: Is it a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mower,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut grass.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a shed.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawnmower?	Oracle said: Correct	
musket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What type of environment would you typically find this object in?	Oracle said: Typically found in a historical environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow and arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require gunpowder to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
odometer,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure distance.	Guesser said: In what general category would you place the object?	Oracle said: It is a measuring device.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape measure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by surveyors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road-measuring wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an odometer?	Oracle said: Correct	
oscilloscope,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display electrical signals.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is an electronic device.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located within a building?	Oracle said: In a lab.	Guesser said: Is it used for scientific research?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct	
oven,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object heated using electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of food can be cooked in the object?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a specific kind of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a category of objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: Correct	
pager,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To receive messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what room is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found in a variety of rooms.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of messages does the object receive?	Oracle said: Text messages.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary category?	Oracle said: Communication device.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pedometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure steps.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be carried?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or power to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
penlight,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a neon sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a string of lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object project light in a focused direction?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a laser pointer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a switch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately 5 inches long.	Guesser said: Is the object a penlight?	Oracle said: Correct	
phone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
phonograph,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in terms of approximate dimensions or a general description (e.g.  small  large  handheld  etc.)?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal  wood  and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the parts of the object?	Oracle said: It has a needle.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a needle to play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an old style record player?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the source of the music?	Oracle said: Mechanical.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gramophone.	Oracle said: Correct.	
photo,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To capture an image.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photocopier,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of machine.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object utilize ink or toner?	Oracle said: Toner.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photocopy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black and white.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To copy.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: Does the object use ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a copier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a black and white photo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific function does the object perform to copy?	Oracle said: It makes a copy.	Guesser said: Is the object a fax machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of printer that produces copies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located within an office?	Oracle said: Within an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make copies of documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use ink to make copies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carbon copy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the copies made by the object?	Oracle said: To reproduce documents or images.	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of a roller?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mimeograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of device used to make multiple copies of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the ink made of that the object uses?	Oracle said: The ink is made of toner.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require some form of template to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce copies rapidly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spirit duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dot matrix printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a laser to make copies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object create copies by transferring an image to a sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an offset printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a developing process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in the office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electrophotographic printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of a photosensitive drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital copier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a user interface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duplicator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: Is the object a Riso Printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an inked drum to make copies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electronic stencil duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the cost of operation for the object?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	
pistol,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to shoot things.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the gun typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a holster.	Guesser said: Is the gun a handgun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I know the object is a handgun.	Oracle said: Correct.	
plane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
projector,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To project images.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of machine.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: Does the object project images from an external source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: Correct.	
propeller,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To propel.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find the object?	Oracle said: In the water or the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a service or help someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller?	Oracle said: Correct	
radar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for measuring things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single solid piece  or does it have multiple parts?	Oracle said: It has multiple parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose in its location?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the air.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
radio,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object typically portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily powered by batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a separate device to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a radio.	Oracle said: Correct.	
railcar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a railroad.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a railcar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
refrigerator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store food at a low temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
respirator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the user's respiratory system.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a respirator.	Oracle said: Correct.	
revolver,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a holster.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the gun?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of gun is it?	Oracle said: Revolver.	Guesser said: Is the gun used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the make of the revolver?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rifle,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the gun's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in the hands of a person.	Guesser said: What material is the gun made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the gun a handgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the gun?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the gun used for?	Oracle said: To shoot.	Guesser said: Is the gun a machine gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical range of the gun?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the gun most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the gun a shotgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the gun's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To kill or wound.	Guesser said: Is the gun a hunting rifle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
robot,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To perform tasks.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a factory.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for production?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine a robot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rocket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
satellite,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for communication.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: Correct.	
seaplane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond transportation?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rudder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main material used to construct the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a water taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on lakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a riverboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on rivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for public use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harbor tour boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many people can the object carry?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual speed?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used on lakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speed boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any windows?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tour boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the seating arrangement like?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	
searchlight,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a light pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a light bulb?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a security light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a base?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spotlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighthouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a search light?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sedan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What material is it most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I win!	Oracle said: Correct.	
seismograph,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure volume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Scientific instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure electric current?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an ammeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure the speed of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scientific instrument used to measure the speed of the wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anemometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a dial?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a galvanometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure rotation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary substance that makes up the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a voltmeter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger scientific instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a needle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a device for measuring radiation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any numerical markings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a device used in chemistry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a glass component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barometer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To measure and record ground motion.	Guesser said: Is the object a seismograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sharpener,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To sharpen things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by professionals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: Correct	
ship,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does it have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it float?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shotgun,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a gun safe.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home or a gun store.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hunting knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shredder,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To destroy documents.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shredder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shuttle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What category does this object fall into?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people and cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: Is the object a space shuttle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowmobile,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object use wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flying machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: What is a common location for this object?	Oracle said: Cold climates.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowplow,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clear snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade or shovel-like component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object self-propelled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowplow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spacecraft,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a complex shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is it a spacecraft?	Oracle said: Correct.	
speedboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Primarily made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: For recreation and transportation on water.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
speedometer,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object measure time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to measure?	Oracle said: Speed.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sprinkler,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To distribute water.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
steamboat,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods over water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the approximate dimensions of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the boat typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the boat's shape like?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a warship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the boat?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: Is the boat used to transport large numbers of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a riverboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
steamship,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods over water.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object usually powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of ship is it?	Oracle said: I am not a type of ship.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of boat is it?	Oracle said: I am not a type of boat.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the boat?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the boat a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a pointed front?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the boat typically used to transport?	Oracle said: Passengers and cargo.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have multiple decks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat travel on the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the boat?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a harbor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the passenger ship have multiple decks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the passenger ship a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically travel long distances?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What type of cargo does this ship transport?	Oracle said: It does not transport cargo.	Guesser said: Is it a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical destination?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical route of the ship?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the ship used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the ship have multiple decks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the ship?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship transport vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found at ports?	Oracle said: Yes.	
stereo,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To play audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a stereo system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stopwatch,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It measures time.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object digital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a stopwatch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
streetcar,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is it typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does it use wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Electric.	Guesser said: Is it a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a car?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Is it a light rail vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a light rail vehicle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
streetlight,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: Correct.	
submarine,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel underwater.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in oceans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a submarine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
supertanker,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Where would you find the object?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It transports cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal cargo ship.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a deck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport oil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an oil tanker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
taillight,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To signal.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warnings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to signal to vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for navigational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning light on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use light to signal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the light emitted by the object?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: Is the object a stop sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taillight on a vehicle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tank,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To provide firepower and protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in combat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: Correct	
tanker,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a large ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship used for transporting cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cargo ship.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the ship?	Oracle said: I am not a ship.	Guesser said: Is the object used in warfare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a river?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker ship?	Oracle said: Correct	
taxi,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
telegraph,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transmit signals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Can the object be interacted with directly by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to communicate to many people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object metallic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger communication system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone tower antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wired communication device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transmit information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a power line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to transmit both voice and data?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telegraph?	Oracle said: Correct	
telephone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a telephone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
television,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display visual information.	Guesser said: Does the object typically reside indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for entertainment or communication?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Can you describe the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: Correct	
thermostat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To regulate temperature.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
timer,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Timekeeping.	Guesser said: Does the object have hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to a person?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used daily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of power source does the object use?	Oracle said: It does not use a power source.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in measuring time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object display the time numerically?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital timer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tractor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pull heavy loads.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a farm.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: Correct	
train,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical passenger capacity?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does this object travel on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Land.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.	
transponder,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transmit information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can it be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a router?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In an aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a flight recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the aircraft?	Oracle said: It is used on aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the aircraft's communication system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a transponder?	Oracle said: Correct	
treadmill,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of exercise equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trolley,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to transport?	Oracle said: Goods.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an open top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: It has more than two wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hitch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container on wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a store?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial cart?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of goods are usually transported in this object?	Oracle said: Goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat base?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically use this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a grocery cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary use to transport goods in a retail environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	
truck,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tugboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To tow things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the general location of this object?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of boat is it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What shape is the boat?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the boat a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vibrator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide pleasure.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sex toy.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in the home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrator?	Oracle said: Correct	
videocassette,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play video and audio.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a VCR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is approximately 7.5 x 4 x 1 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: A VCR.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
videotape,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To record and play video and audio.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of media.	Guesser said: Is the object a film reel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a video cassette?	Oracle said: Correct	
warplane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a hangar.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general location of the object's usage?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cockpit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomber plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attack other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed nose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for reconnaissance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in combat?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for combat.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move through the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used for attack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed nose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To fight in a war.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the military?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	
warship,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a crew?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a warship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
webcam,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To capture images and video.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a home?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a webcam?	Oracle said: Correct.	
whaleboat,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of boat.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a lake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden cargo ship.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden fishing trawler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found near a dock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden fishing boat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose other than transporting people and fishing?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden whaling ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have oars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden dory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's length relative to a car?	Oracle said: It is shorter.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden lifeboat.	Oracle said: Correct.	
windmill,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To generate power.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in rural areas.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the material the object is primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct	
woofer,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: What is the object connected to?	Oracle said: A sound system.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a home theater system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a speaker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
yacht,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does this object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.	