abacus,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for calculations.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Where can this object be found?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a calculator.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What functions does this object have?	Oracle said: It is used for calculations.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has beads.	Guesser said: Is the object used by more than one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an abacus.	Oracle said: Correct.	
accordion,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal and fabric.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a music store.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of sound does the object make?	Oracle said: It makes a musical sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material makes the primary sound of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a glockenspiel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What parts does the object have?	Oracle said: It has keys bellows and buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object an accordion?	Oracle said: Correct.	
album,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store and display information.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific information does the object display?	Oracle said: It displays information about music.	Guesser said: Is the object sheet music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be folded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store audio recordings.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Is the object a record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What information does the object display?	Oracle said: Information about the music.	Guesser said: Is the object a lyric sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain physical components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store and display information.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a player piano roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store audio recordings.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl record sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Does the object have pictures on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What information does the object display?	Oracle said: Information about the music.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper music roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a concert program?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an album cover?	Oracle said: Correct.	
altar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Religious object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sacred object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious artifact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used during religious ceremonies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cross?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a holy relic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a priest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object used during religious ceremonies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a censer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of religious furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sacred object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a baptismal font?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious artifact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object used during religious ceremonies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pulpit.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious artifact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a priest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reliquary.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	
anchor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To secure a vessel.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the object attach to?	Oracle said: The ground.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: Correct	
anklet,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is it a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is it a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide utility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is it an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional component other than being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an anklet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
anvil,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for shaping metal.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to metal?	Oracle said: It is used to shape metal.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a vise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use heat to shape metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anvil?	Oracle said: Correct	
apron,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for protecting clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like?	Oracle said: It feels like fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: Correct	
armchair,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood fabric and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the chair?	Oracle said: It has a back.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the chair belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture	Guesser said: Does it have arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the chair?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Is it a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dining room chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the chair typically found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What is the chair's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the chair most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is it a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair made primarily of wood with fabric upholstery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of furniture is the chair?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is it a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the frame of the chair made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the chair?	Oracle said: To sit on.	Guesser said: Is it a desk chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a living room chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an armchair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
armoire,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a person on a daily basis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of items does the object store?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's common size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the object and other objects in the room?	Oracle said: It can be placed in a room.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features such as drawers or shelves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of items are typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general design?	Oracle said: It is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
armor,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: What are the typical locations where this object might be found?	Oracle said: On a battlefield.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or general form?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a shield.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes such as size or weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What does the object typically interact with or what other objects or beings might it be used with?	Oracle said: Beings.	Guesser said: Where on the body would this object most likely be found?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or effect on the beings it interacts with?	Oracle said: It is used for protection.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is armor.	Oracle said: Correct.	
arms,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To manipulate objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical characteristics?	Oracle said: They are long.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Body part.	Guesser said: Are the objects used for sensing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is fingers.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical characteristics?	Oracle said: They are typically paired.	Guesser said: Are the objects used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is hands.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Body part.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To manipulate objects.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical characteristics?	Oracle said: They are typically attached to a torso.	Guesser said: I guess the object is arms.	Oracle said: Correct.	
artifact,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a museum.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarcophagus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any inscriptions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of things does the object hold?	Oracle said: Information.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of information does the object hold?	Oracle said: It holds information.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for artifacts?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ashcan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a public trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a public trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a public trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used by many people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a public trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: Is the object a public trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a public trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	
ashtray,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold ashes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a religious ceremony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Cigarettes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a lit cigarette?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a cigarette ashtray?	Oracle said: Correct.	
asphalt,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where can the object be commonly found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have lines on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to vehicles?	Oracle said: Vehicles travel on it.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object commonly used for?	Oracle said: To make roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a paver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a street?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to buildings?	Oracle said: It can be used in the construction of buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What other materials is the object often used with?	Oracle said: Concrete.	Guesser said: Is the object an asphalt paver?	Oracle said: Correct.	
awning,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Building.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a sunshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: A building.	Guesser said: Is the object an awning?	Oracle said: Correct.	
axe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for chopping.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
backboard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for a ball to bounce off of.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a place where people play sports.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or features on its surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tennis court.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What sport(s) is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: Basketball.	Guesser said: I think the object is a basketball court.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose other than providing a surface for a ball to bounce off of?	Oracle said: To support a hoop.	Guesser said: I think the object is a basketball backboard.	Oracle said: Correct.	
backpack,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in various locations such as schools hiking trails and airports.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bagpipe,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: In what environment is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of environments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is this object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is this object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is an alternate function of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a case.	Guesser said: Is this object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be played by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this instrument use reeds to make sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What other materials are used in this object?	Oracle said: Wood metal and synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object played by blowing into a reed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oboe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this instrument typically have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a penny whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with Scottish or Irish culture?	Oracle said: Scottish	Guesser said: Is this object a bagpipe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ball,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To play with.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game played on a court?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
balloon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically used for decoration or as a toy.	Guesser said: What material is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a balloon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bandage,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a wound.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth and adhesive.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Medical supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct	
bandanna,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to cover the head or face or to absorb sweat.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object most commonly found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: Correct	
banjo,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Making music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function beyond making music?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's components?	Oracle said: It has strings.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object played?	Oracle said: It is played by plucking or strumming the strings.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on the body of the player is the object typically held?	Oracle said: On the lap or against the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in folk music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an acoustic instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dulcimer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the number of strings on the object?	Oracle said: 5	Guesser said: Is the object a kora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a charango?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
banner,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Decorative object.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barbell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Exercise equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Exercise.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barbwire,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide security.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent access to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a lock.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vault?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guardrail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To deter or prevent passage.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a metal fence.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: To create a barrier.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a bollard.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent access to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a chain.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used to separate areas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a metal cable.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To deter.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a security spike.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object prevent access to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a barrier.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	
baseboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wall.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
basin,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for holding water.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is it a water basin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
basket,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping basket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bassinet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a baby.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides holding a baby?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a baby.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Baby product.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassinet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bath,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for washing and bathing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bar of soap.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to water?	Oracle said: It is used to hold water.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bathtub.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bathrobe,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are some of the common materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: Cotton terry cloth and microfiber.	Guesser said: What parts of the body is this object typically worn on?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To wear after a shower or bath or for lounging.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or typical form?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: Is the object loose fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What parts of the body is this object typically worn on?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or typical form?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bathtub,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
baton,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To direct or signal.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a parade.	Guesser said: Is the object a baton?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bayonet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To stab.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you place this in?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people in modern day?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a rifle.	Guesser said: Is the knife a bayonet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bead,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: It can be found in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors can the object be?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration jewelry and crafts.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or other way to be attached to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass charm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pearl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the hole in comparison to the objects overall size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass earring bead?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beaker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's common location?	Oracle said: Laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific category?	Oracle said: Laboratory equipment.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a beaker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
beanie,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual location of the object?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To keep a person's head warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is generally round.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: Correct	
bed,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bedding,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bedding.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bedding.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth while sleeping.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bedding.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bedding.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	
bedpan,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To collect bodily waste.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bedpost,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpost?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bell,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is generally round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bench,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: Public spaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beret,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where would someone typically wear this object?	Oracle said: On their head.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the hat?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is this object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the hat made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's design?	Oracle said: To be worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the color of the hat?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the hat a toupee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this hat typically found?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What shape is the hat?	Oracle said: Round	Guesser said: Is the hat a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the hat used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a tam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a skullcap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a swim cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of person wears the hat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the hat associated with any particular activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the hat's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the hat a cloche hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a peak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically worn with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the hat a fez?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat primarily for fashion or is it for practical purposes?	Oracle said: Primarily for fashion.	Guesser said: Does the hat have any decorations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a pillbox hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the hat?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the hat worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bowler hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat considered a formal hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a newsboy cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How common is the hat?	Oracle said: It is not uncommon.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beret?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bib,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing from spills and stains.	Guesser said: In what location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by adults?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bib.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bicycle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where can you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bifocals,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To correct vision.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is eyeglasses.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bin,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where can the object be found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of things does the object contain?	Oracle said: Trash.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal garbage can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recycle bin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
binder,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: Correct	
binoculars,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To see things that are far away.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: In what category would one classify this object?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a telescope.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What other tools is this object often used with?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific place and if so where?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To see things that are far away.	Guesser said: In what general category of objects does this belong?	Oracle said: Optical instrument.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a pair of binoculars.	Oracle said: Correct.	
birdbath,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What material is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a round shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Garden.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blackboard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular and flat.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A writing tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a sharp point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blacktop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
blanket,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blazer,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object can be made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of wool cotton or linen.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations the object might be found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What kind of object is it?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Medium.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific uses related to weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What parts of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Torso and arms.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the ground when being worn?	Oracle said: It does not touch the ground.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the colors the object may be?	Oracle said: It may be black.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blindfold,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To block vision.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To block vision.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blindfold?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blouse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the upper body.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place it in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boa,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To constrict.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In the wild.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: What type of creature is the object?	Oracle said: It is a reptile.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a snake.	Oracle said: Correct.	
boat,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where can this object typically be found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bobsleigh,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a train.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sport.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bobsled.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bodice,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the torso.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the torso.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the torso.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bonnet,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What activity is the object associated with?	Oracle said: Driving.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a race car driver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some example environments where the object might be used?	Oracle said: Indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other uses besides covering the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
book,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To read.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has pages.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a library.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookcase,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Furniture	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of things are stored in the object?	Oracle said: Books.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
booklet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: In what sort of location is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found in a library.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Paper	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes such as size shape or texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To convey information.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookmark,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark a place in a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a book.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookmarker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark a place in a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bookmark.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookshelf,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dresser.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the typical contents of the object?	Oracle said: Books.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage or display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boomerang,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To return to the thrower.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in Australia.	Guesser said: Is the object a boomerang?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boot,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bootie,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a baby.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the object's primary function to protect the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of shoe is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of shoe.	Guesser said: Are the object's typically made of a soft material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baby shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bootlace,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of a synthetic material.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a shoe.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bottle,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the capacity of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What type of liquid is the object typically used to contain?	Oracle said: It can contain water.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's opening?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can hold liquids.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bowl,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the typical categories the object belongs to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the typical physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically round.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bowtie,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object would it be classified in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does it cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an article of clothing worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an article of clothing worn on the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when worn?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or fastening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: It is not worn on the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use other than decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be tied?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
box,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood cardboard or plastic.	Guesser said: In what kind of location would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a box.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bra,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support the breasts.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a dresser.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To support the breasts.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bracelet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
braces,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to straighten teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is the object called a brace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brassiere,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support the breasts.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct.	
breadboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To build and test electronic circuits.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: In what general location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a lab.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
breadbox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal wood or plastic.	Guesser said: Is this object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case?	Oracle said: To store bread.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
breastplate,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is it a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Armor.	Guesser said: Is it a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is it a type of glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object protect?	Oracle said: Chest.	Guesser said: Is the object a breastplate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: What are some other objects that are usually found near this object?	Oracle said: Mortar.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for building.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
briefcase,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object a briefcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brochure,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function other than providing information?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary function other than providing information.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other physical attributes besides being made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
broom,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of bristles and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Inside a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bucket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for holding things.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bugle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What are the common materials used in its construction?	Oracle said: Brass.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically held by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to produce sound?	Oracle said: By blowing into it.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a trumpet.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bullhorn,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To amplify sound.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In public places.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To amplify sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials are used in making the object?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object located?	Oracle said: It can be located anywhere.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object an ear horn?	Oracle said: Correct.	
burlap,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain or hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Material.	Guesser said: Is this object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To store or transport things.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object a nest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for collecting water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a beehive.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made by an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object manufactured?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used for various purposes including packaging and storage.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
button,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To fasten clothing.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal or fabric.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object most commonly used on?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a shape that can be described as a strip or rectangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fasten clothing.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a button.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cabinet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camisole,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shirt?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no general shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with sleep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a t-shirt?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is a secondary function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used as an undergarment.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures such as buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tank top?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To aid in walking.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: What general category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canister,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for storing things.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Gas.	Guesser said: Is the object a propane tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of gas is typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas tank?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical capacity of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to a water line?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for cooking ingredients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for storing liquid soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: It is used in conjunction with other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a cleaning set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sauce container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a narrow opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal oil can?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object pour?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a creamer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canoe,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canopy,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to provide shelter to many people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shelter from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canteen,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold liquid.	Guesser said: Is this object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a water bottle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canvas,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To create art.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What are some places the object might be found?	Oracle said: In an art studio.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cap,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
capsule,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic or gelatin.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a capsule?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carafe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cardigan,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carpet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carpetbag,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object typically?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical color.	Guesser said: What are some of the things the object is commonly used to carry?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carriage,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's key physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cart,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is this object used by many people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a shopping cart.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cartwheel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move something.	Guesser said: What are the general physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is rigid.	Guesser said: In what category would you place this object?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object used to move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a baseball bat.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Circular	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal ring used in gymnastics.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cashmere,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What are some other uses for the object?	Oracle said: I am a material used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What textures might the object have?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something one wears on their torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other uses for the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fiber.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: Correct.	
casket,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is a common location for this object?	Oracle said: A cemetery.	Guesser said: Is this object a coffin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
catalog,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is it a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: Is the object a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a grocery list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is it a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: Is the object a to-do list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: Is it a shopping list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a price list?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To list items.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cauldron,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ceiling,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide overhead cover.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials that this object is typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood drywall or concrete.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is this object a roof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cello,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the specific physical attributes of the object such as color texture and any unique features?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood has a smooth texture and is often brown. It has a large body a long neck and four strings.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cellophane,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To package things.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this one be in?	Oracle said: It is a type of material.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It can be flat.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a package.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It can be flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic wrap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cement,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To build.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in construction sites.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is hard.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To build.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in construction sites.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to join other materials together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cement?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or use?	Oracle said: To sit on.	Guesser said: What is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is this object a chair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chairlift,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are the primary physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a seat.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a mountain.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are the primary physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a seat.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a mountain.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chalice,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass metal or ceramic.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a religious environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalice?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chalkboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and slate.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chandelier,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object an electrical appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a lamp.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose other than providing light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a lightbulb.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a color.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a glass chandelier.	Oracle said: Correct.	
chariot,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a battlefield.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object be in?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an armored vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
checkerboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Square.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Board game.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It has two colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a chess board?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cheeseboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for serving food.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is this object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is this object a cutting board?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cheesecloth,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strain liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific type of liquid is the object most often used with?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What category would this object fall into?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a cheesecloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chessboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for playing games.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a square.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a game board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden game board.	Oracle said: Correct.	
chinaware,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What are some common locations for this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is this object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other objects that are often stored in this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has various colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other rooms might this object be found in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object help with food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common item that is put inside of the object?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located on a table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to eat from?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for eating and drinking.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically filled with?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a base?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shot glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a teacup?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chopstick,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What are the common materials this object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Utensil	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some things that this object may come into contact with?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What type of food is this object typically used with?	Oracle said: I am not a food.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothpick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chute,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not primarily made of any specific material.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical characteristics of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's uses?	Oracle said: It is used to move things from one place to another.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a conveyor belt?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: Is it a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: Is it a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's uses?	Oracle said: It is used to move things from one place to another.	Guesser said: Is the object a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cleaver,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cutting.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cutting.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: What other objects might be found near this object?	Oracle said: A cutting board.	Guesser said: Is the object a meat cleaver?	Oracle said: Correct.	
clipboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides holding papers?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cloak,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
clock,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes and offices.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cloth,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
clothesline,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hang things on.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of rope or wire.	Guesser said: What are some of the places this object might be found?	Oracle said: Backyard.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
coat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cobblestone,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: How is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: It is used in construction.	Guesser said: Is the object a paving stone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
coffeepot,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To make coffee.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: In what location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
coffin,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for burial.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cogwheel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transfer rotational motion.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
collage,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display images.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In an art gallery.	Guesser said: Is the object an oil painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a usual shape.	Guesser said: Is the object usually indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital display screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common use for the object?	Oracle said: To display art.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to light?	Oracle said: The object does not have a relationship to light.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It has a varied texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a mosaic?	Oracle said: Correct.	
collar,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To restrain.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical appearance like?	Oracle said: It can be of various shapes and sizes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is worn.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is it made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is it made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is worn.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a collar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
commode,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically used for personal hygiene.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for waste disposal.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
condom,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent pregnancy.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a condom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cone,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of paper plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the places the object is commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in ice cream shops.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a cone.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Geometric shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a party hat?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some of the things that are typically put in the object?	Oracle said: Nothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice cream cone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
container,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in many places.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Correct.	
copier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used to make copies of documents.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: What are the primary physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to create more than one copy at once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a copy machine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
copybook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a library.	Guesser said: Is the object typically man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Paper	Guesser said: I think the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.	
corduroy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific purpose does the object serve in clothing?	Oracle said: It is used in clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a large part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What specific purpose does the object serve in clothing?	Oracle said: It is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often come in large rolls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make hats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect things.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What specific purpose does the object serve in clothing?	Oracle said: It is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fabric used for sewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric used for sewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object fabric used for sewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to other clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in large quantities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an applique?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a large part of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	
corkscrew,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To open bottles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a spiral shape.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a corkscrew.	Oracle said: Correct.	
costume,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are the typical materials used to create the object?	Oracle said: Fabric plastic and foam.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The whole body.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object swimwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To dress up.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a costume?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cot,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To sleep on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
couch,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cowbell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used to make a sound?	Oracle said: It is struck.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is bell shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used to make a ringing sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is bell shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is bell shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What sound does the object make?	Oracle said: Clang.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used to make a ringing sound.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is bell shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	
cradle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to hold?	Oracle said: A baby.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crate,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain and transport items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a warehouse.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crayon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To draw.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: In a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crib,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To sleep in.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a place for a baby to sleep.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crossbar,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two or more things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some objects that are typically used with the object?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: It is attached to something.	Guesser said: Is the object usually used in conjunction with a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object contribute to the functionality of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when connecting?	Oracle said: To connect.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle's frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the vehicle's suspension system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a link?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a singular piece or a collection of pieces?	Oracle said: A singular piece.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for support.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspension arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object connected to other parts of the vehicle?	Oracle said: It is connected to other parts of the vehicle with bolts.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a sway bar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crossbeam,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To support a load.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in terms of length?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It is used for support.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crossbow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a medieval setting.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a siege weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a crossbow.	Oracle said: Correct.	
crowbar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a toolbox.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for prying.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a crowbar.	Oracle said: Correct.	
crutch,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To aid in walking.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a crutch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cufflink,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: In what general location would one expect to find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: In what general location would one expect to find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an accessory.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: In what general location would one expect to find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an accessory.	Guesser said: What shape does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: In what general location would one expect to find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt buckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold fabric together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cup,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides holding liquids?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: Correct.	
curtain,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To block something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Home Decor	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cushion,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dagger,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for stabbing or cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of places.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dart,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: To be thrown.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a game room.	Guesser said: Is this object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose within the game room?	Oracle said: To be thrown.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dashboard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a car.	Guesser said: Is the object digital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dashboard.	Oracle said: Correct.	
deadbolt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To secure something.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
decal,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
deck,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To play games.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What general category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: A collection of objects.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a single color.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck of cards?	Oracle said: Correct.	
denim,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It does not have a location.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object jeans?	Oracle said: Correct.	
denture,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: In what general location would you find this object?	Oracle said: In a person's mouth.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: Is the object a denture?	Oracle said: Correct.	
desk,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for work or activities.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal plastic.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
diamond,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It can vary.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ground.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Natural	Guesser said: Is the object a gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone typically cut and polished?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a diamond?	Oracle said: Correct.	
diaper,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: In a baby's room.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hygiene.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dice,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To generate random numbers.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Cube.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object small or large?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a game.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a die?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dildo,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Sexual pleasure.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be of various sizes and shapes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sex toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
disc,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Disc.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in a variety of places.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dish,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic glass or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishrag,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishcloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishtowel,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sponge.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond cleaning?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dishcloth.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doll,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play with.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a toy store.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorjamb,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It provides structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Building component.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorknocker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doornail,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten.	Guesser said: In what general location would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what context is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is it a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical physical form?	Oracle said: It is typically small and metallic.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten.	Guesser said: In what general location would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Inside or outside.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten.	Guesser said: What other materials is the object used with?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require another tool to be used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tack?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: In what context is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically sold individually or in bulk?	Oracle said: In bulk.	Guesser said: Does the object require another tool to be used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other materials is the object used with?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what general location would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific point or edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is it a wire staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what context is the object commonly used?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: Is it a brad nail?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorpost,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used to support a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is this object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function?	Oracle said: To support a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What other objects is this object often found with?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: Is the object a door stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in relation to the door?	Oracle said: It is a structural component of the door.	Guesser said: Is it a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the door does the object attach to?	Oracle said: The door.	Guesser said: What other objects does the object connect with?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: Is it a door jamb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorstep,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a step up to a door.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Stone wood or concrete.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a threshold?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorstop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent a door from closing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What is the object typically categorized as?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a wedge?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drape,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drawers,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does this object have any other functions besides storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dress,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from fabric.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object primarily worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dresser,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drum,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a music room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an orchestra?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drywall,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create walls and ceilings.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or shapes?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Gypsum.	Guesser said: Is the object a drywall panel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dumbbell,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To lift.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a gym.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift weights?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a barbell.	Oracle said: Correct.	
dustbin,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To collect and dispose of waste.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Correct.	
duvet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Home good.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a blanket.	Oracle said: Correct.	
earplug,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the ears from loud noises.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ear.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an earplug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
earring,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To adorn.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it typically worn on?	Oracle said: The head.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically attached to the body?	Oracle said: It is typically attached to the ear.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: Correct.	
easel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: In a studio.	Guesser said: What is the object's made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stand used to hold a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the stand used to hold an easel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
envelope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a mailbox.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain written information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eraser,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To remove marks.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeglass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the things the object can be used for?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a frame.	Guesser said: Is the object glasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeglasses,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used by everyone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is glasses.	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeliner,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply makeup.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a makeup bag.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of chemicals.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetic.	Guesser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a makeup sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: Black	Guesser said: What is the object used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Makeup.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyeliner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyepiece,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To magnify an image.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a telescope.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope eyepiece?	Oracle said: Correct.	
faceplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover or protect something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On an electrical device.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What specific electrical device is it typically found on?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a circuit board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the approximate dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a heatsink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect with wires?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal electrical box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a connector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of electrical device is it typically used with?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object an enclosure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal case for a power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in relation to the device?	Oracle said: To cover and protect.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an enclosure for the electronics of a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special properties like being resistant to electricity or heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's role in the electrical device it's part of?	Oracle said: It protects the internal components.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal case for a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the device it is on?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object an enclosure for a small electronic component like a capacitor or resistor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal casing for a power supply inside a larger electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically exposed to?	Oracle said: Indoor.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger device or is it a standalone item?	Oracle said: Part of a larger device.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cover that protects the internals of a computer such as a hard drive or the RAM?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object made?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any branding or markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the metal case for the power supply inside a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cover for a specific port on a computer such as an ethernet port?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shield on a circuit board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the branding or markings on the object?	Oracle said: To identify the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal enclosure with a brand name on it used for a specific part inside an electrical device such as a relay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the metal frame around a flat-screen TV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover with a brand name on it for a power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that move in relation to each other?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small cover for a specific component on a circuit board with markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cover on the back of a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the price range of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object provide grounding or shielding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the metal casing that protects the electrical components of a household appliance such as a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function in relation to electromagnetic interference?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal cover that blocks electromagnetic interference from a device's internal components?	Oracle said: No.	
fan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To circulate air.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is it a ceiling fan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
featherbed,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bed.	Oracle said: Correct.	
fedora,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a brim.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object protect the wearer from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sun hat.	Oracle said: Correct.	
feedbag,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a horse.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Animal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides holding food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddlebag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fiddle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a music setting.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond music production?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
figurine,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: It is primarily for decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is it made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Art	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	
filter,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To remove impurities.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of paper.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in various locations.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It has no general shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does this object have any color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a filter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fishhook,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to water?	Oracle said: It is used in water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a ladle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific function does the object perform when catching things?	Oracle said: It catches things.	Guesser said: Is the object a crab trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a net used for catching things in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing hook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fishnet,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of string.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of string.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flag,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To represent something.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flagpole,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to display flags.	Guesser said: What material is it made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flagstone,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a flat surface.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the common dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used for paving.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object made?	Oracle said: It is made by natural processes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flask,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what category would you place this object?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
floor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for walking on.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found inside a building.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Building.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flowerpot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What material is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually round?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flute,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: What is the primary material this object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is this object found inside a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object require the user to blow into it to produce music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a clarinet.	Oracle said: Correct.	
flyswatter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To kill insects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Is the object a fly swatter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flytrap,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a garden.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a Venus flytrap.	Oracle said: Correct.	
folder,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object besides storing things?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footboard,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It provides support.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in multiple sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for supporting something.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store anything?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other objects is this object typically found with?	Oracle said: A bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main purpose in relation to a bed?	Oracle said: It is a part of a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: Is the object a box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is this object intended to be moved often?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footlocker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: For storage.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dresser.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What items are typically stored inside the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wardrobe.	Oracle said: Correct.	
footplate,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a stable base.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a stable platform for the feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object found on?	Oracle said: I am not a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for standing on.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object found on?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kickstand?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a stable base.	Guesser said: Is the object a jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a base plate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footrest,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to rest feet.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: A chair.	Guesser said: Is the object a foot stool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footstool,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to rest one's feet.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood fabric and padding.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an ottoman.	Oracle said: Correct.	
forceps,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To grasp or hold objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment	Guesser said: Is the object a medical clamp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fork,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Utensil	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: Correct.	
futon,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit or sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To provide seating and sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gargoyle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the most common location for this object?	Oracle said: Buildings.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gargoyle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
garter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: On a leg.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than one leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It holds something up.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gauze,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To absorb fluids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: In what general category would you classify the object?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To protect wounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a gauze pad?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gavel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make a decision.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified under?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a courtroom.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a gavel.	Oracle said: Correct.	
glasses,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What category of object does this fall into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a frame and lenses.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found on a person's face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function other than improving vision?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary function other than improving vision.	Guesser said: Is it an eyeglass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
goalpost,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a target for scoring in a game.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: In what kind of location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: A sports field.	Guesser said: What game is the object used in?	Oracle said: Football.	Guesser said: Is the object a football goalpost?	Oracle said: Correct.	
goblet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a dining setting.	Guesser said: What material is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is it a drinking glass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
goggles,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Are they typically held in place by something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I will guess is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the different parts of the object called?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I will guess is the object glasses?	Oracle said: Correct	
gondola,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is it a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: It moves by being pulled along a cable.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is it a cable car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gown,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are the common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the environments where the object is typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in formal settings.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the common colors the object is?	Oracle said: The object can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object found on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular historical period?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What kind of occasion is the object typically worn at?	Oracle said: Formal occasions.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a large area of the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
grater,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To shred food.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
grout,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fill gaps.	Guesser said: What are some common locations for this object?	Oracle said: Bathrooms and kitchens.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: Is the object grout?	Oracle said: Correct.	
guitar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a music store.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gunnysack,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is a rectangular prism.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a bale of hay.	Oracle said: Correct.	
gurney,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used to transport patients.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a gurney?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hacksaw,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a saw blade.	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairbrush,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to groom hair.	Guesser said: Where might one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is it a comb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairnet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of this object?	Oracle said: To keep hair in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is this object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is this object a hairnet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairpiece,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairpin,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what general location would you expect to find the object?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bobby pin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handbag,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handcart,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handlebar,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To steer.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a part of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a curved shape.	Guesser said: What function does the object have in relation to the vehicle?	Oracle said: It is used for steering.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object typically found on?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a bicycle.	Guesser said: Is the object handlebars?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handsaw,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for in a kitchen?	Oracle said: I am not primarily used in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hanky,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To wipe things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Correct.	
harmonica,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal wood and plastic.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to make music?	Oracle said: It is blown into.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: Correct.	
harp,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys valves or slides?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a violin.	Oracle said: Correct.	
harpoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hunt.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's key physical characteristics?	Oracle said: It is long and pointed.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a spear.	Oracle said: Correct.	
harpsichord,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What material is it commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the sound of the object produced?	Oracle said: By plucking strings.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: The object produces sound by plucking strings.	Guesser said: Is the object a dulcimer?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keyboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hatbox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cardboard.	Guesser said: Where is this object usually found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the box?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What can be found inside the box?	Oracle said: Things.	Guesser said: Is it a moving box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of things are typically found inside the box?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I have guessed the object is a clothing storage box.	Oracle said: Correct.	
hatchet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for chopping and splitting wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: I think the object is an axe.	Oracle said: Correct.	
headband,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object most commonly found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the object usually?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides holding hair in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headdress,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is this object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
helmet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object typically protect the whole head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
highchair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow a baby or toddler to sit at a table to eat.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object often used by adults?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a single solid piece or does it have multiple parts?	Oracle said: It has multiple parts.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a high chair.	Oracle said: Correct.	
highlighter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark text.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To mark text.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hinge,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow movement.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on doors.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow movement.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hoe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To till soil.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: In what type of location would this object most commonly be found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden hoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
holster,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Leather nylon or Kydex.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is it clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a holster.	Oracle said: Correct.	
hoopskirt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To make a skirt wider.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is this object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To shape a skirt.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: Is this object a crinoline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
horn,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It can be found on an animal.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object a bone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Does the object make sound by being struck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of keratin.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: Correct.	
horseshoe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect an animal's foot.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a horseshoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hose,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rubber or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose other than transporting liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hourglass,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object an hourglass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
housecoat,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's secondary functions?	Oracle said: It is used for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special characteristics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of one of the parts?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover an area of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wrap.	Oracle said: Correct.	
housetop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a building.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Buildings.	Guesser said: Is this object a roof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hubcap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover and protect a wheel.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the wheel?	Oracle said: It protects the wheel.	Guesser said: Is the object a hubcap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
icebox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store food and keep it cold.	Guesser said: In what kind of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What are the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
icepick,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make holes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a can opener.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Ice.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a set of other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an ice pick.	Oracle said: Correct.	
inkwell,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold ink.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of object does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold ink.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle of ink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jacket,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in a house?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical sizes of this object?	Oracle said: Small medium large and extra large.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does this object primarily cover?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object in the context of keeping someone warm?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object go over the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object typically contain?	Oracle said: It can contain many things.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jewel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as an adornment.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a mineral.	Guesser said: Is the object a gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a necklace.	Oracle said: Correct.	
jigsaw,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To assemble pieces.	Guesser said: What are the typical locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a puzzle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jug,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for holding and pouring liquids.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass ceramic or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jumpsuit,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kayak,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: Recreation and transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic wood or composite materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be powered?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some examples of the object's categories?	Oracle said: Watercraft.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond recreation and transportation?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the typical methods of propelling the object?	Oracle said: Paddles.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kazoo,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a band.	Guesser said: Is this object typically held by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does a person interact with this object to make music?	Oracle said: You blow into it.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a harmonica?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does this object typically have keys or buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: Is this object a kazoo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kerchief,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect or cover something.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object could be made of?	Oracle said: It could be made of cloth.	Guesser said: In what location can this object typically be found?	Oracle said: It can be found in a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kettle,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is this object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kettledrum,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Percussion instrument.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: Is the object a gong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some specific ways the object is used to make sound?	Oracle said: It is struck with a mallet.	Guesser said: Is the object a timpani?	Oracle said: Correct.	
key,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To open something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a door.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can open things.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keyhole,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow something to pass through.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kilt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it often worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
knapsack,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a backpack.	Oracle said: Correct.	
knickers,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the lower body.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors outdoors or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
knife,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
knuckles,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used for punching.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Bone.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a finger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a knuckle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lace,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To decorate or fasten.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment is this object most often found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is its shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color(s) is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is it a curtain?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What does the object attach to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is it used to decorate or fasten clothing?	Oracle said: It is used to decorate or fasten clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lantern,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object very large small or somewhere in between?	Oracle said: Somewhere in between.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main purpose?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object battery powered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a street lamp.	Oracle said: Correct.	
lapel,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold a pin or badge.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond holding something?	Oracle said: It is used to show affiliation.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a lanyard?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: How does the object attach to clothing?	Oracle said: It is attached by a pin.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond holding something and showing affiliation?	Oracle said: It is a decorative element.	Guesser said: Is the object a brooch?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of items does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have a design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buttonhole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
latch,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To secure something.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a door.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a lock.	Oracle said: Correct.	
leash,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To restrain or control an animal.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's main category?	Oracle said: Pet product.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lens,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To focus light.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Optical device.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be round.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in cameras.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: Correct.	
leotard,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Spandex.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On a stage.	Guesser said: Is the object a costume?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the costume a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the costume for a dancer?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object designed to represent?	Oracle said: I am not designed to represent anything.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the costume?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the costume a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the costume have any accessories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the costume a leotard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lever,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in various places.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material can the object be made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a jackhammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To move something.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: Correct.	
linen,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fiber.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
linoleum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used as a floor covering.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Where would I most likely find this object?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a vinyl floor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lipstick,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply color to the lips.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Cosmetic.	Guesser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
locket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to hold a photograph.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object carried by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a locket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
loincloth,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the clothing made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this piece of clothing?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect a specific body part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body does this object typically cover?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
longboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would one typically encounter this object?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object propelled by wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a raft.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the typical purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a canoe.	Oracle said: Correct.	
longbow,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To propel a projectile.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the secondary function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for hunting.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bow.	Oracle said: Correct.	
lotion,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors associated with the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To moisturize.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid solid or gas?	Oracle said: Liquid	Guesser said: Is the object a cosmetic product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lotion?	Oracle said: Correct.	
loveseat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide seating.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a back.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Furniture	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lumber,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To build things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden board.	Oracle said: Correct.	
magazine,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I think the object is a book.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: I think the object is a newspaper.	Oracle said: Correct.	
mailbag,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to transport items.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a post office.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is a bag.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to transport items.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mail bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mailbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To receive mail.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Can you describe its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular and has a slot or door for receiving mail.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mainsail,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch the wind.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is it a sail?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mallet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: It is used for striking things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mandolin,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of music is the object typically used to play?	Oracle said: Folk music.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
manger,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Can you describe the object's physical appearance?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for holding things.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in the barn?	Oracle said: In the barn.	Guesser said: Is the object used by animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a feeding bin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
map,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To show geographical information.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: Correct.	
marionette,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a theater.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mascara,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a makeup bag.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To enhance the appearance of eyelashes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Beauty product.	Guesser said: Is the object mascara?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mask,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To conceal.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person's face.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is this object a mask?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mast,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a ship.	Guesser said: What is this object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sailing.	Guesser said: Is the object a mast?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: On a floor.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
matchbook,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To start a fire.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Fire.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fire starter.	Oracle said: Correct.	
matchbox,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood and cardboard.	Guesser said: Can the object be found outdoors or indoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is it a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the box?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the box typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold small objects.	Guesser said: Is the box a shipping box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the box be opened and closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the box?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the box a shoebox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a toy box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the box?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the box's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: Does the box typically sit on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for organizing documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a lunch box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a cereal box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for holding tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a tissue box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the box typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the box a matchbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mattress,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for sleeping.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
maypole,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To celebrate.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To celebrate.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have besides celebrating?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: Is the object a totem pole?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a public space.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: Is the object a maypole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microscope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To magnify small objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a base a stage and lenses.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
miniskirt,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cover the lower body.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical material?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common locations for this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is this object considered clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mirror,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To reflect light.	Guesser said: What is the general category of object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a surface that reflects light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a mirror.	Oracle said: Correct.	
mitten,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What materials is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wool cotton or leather.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On a hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moat,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Around a castle.	Guesser said: Is the object a moat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moccasin,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Footwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of shoe is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of shoe.	Guesser said: Is it a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the shoe?	Oracle said: It is made of soft material.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a loafer?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the shoe?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a slip-on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the shoe?	Oracle said: It is made of soft material.	Guesser said: What kind of environment is this shoe typically worn in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a moccasin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moneybag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bank.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is this object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where in a bank would you find this object?	Oracle said: In a vault.	Guesser said: Is this a bank bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Household.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mound,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the main functions of this object?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It is a mound.	Guesser said: What is the location of this object?	Oracle said: It can be found outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural or man-made object?	Oracle said: Natural.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is this object made of dirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a hill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mousetrap,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To catch something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a mousetrap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
muffler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the things this object is used for?	Oracle said: It is used for reducing noise.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a car.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: I think the object is a car muffler.	Oracle said: Correct.	
mulch,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural material a manufactured item or a combination of both?	Oracle said: It is a natural material.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or made of many pieces?	Oracle said: Made of many pieces.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in forests?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plant matter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by animals for shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ground covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often stepped on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mulch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mural,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary uses?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the picture made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of object is the picture?	Oracle said: It is a type of art.	Guesser said: Is the picture a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials were used to create the picture?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the picture beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the picture?	Oracle said: I am not a picture.	Guesser said: Does the picture hang in a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the picture a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the picture involve the use of paint?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a painting.	Oracle said: Correct.	
muzzle,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to prevent biting or eating.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a muzzle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
napkin,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean up spills.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sponge.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a paper towel.	Oracle said: Correct.	
neckband,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically worn for decorative or protective purposes.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
neckerchief,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or decorate the neck.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
necklace,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is often worn as an accessory.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials it can be made from?	Oracle said: It can be made from metal gemstones or beads.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: Is this object a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
necktie,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a scarf.	Oracle said: Correct.	
net,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of material.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: Correct.	
newspaper,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for reading.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes newsstands and libraries.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Paper	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightdress,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Can this object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the whole body while sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightgown,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's use?	Oracle said: For sleeping.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightshirt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides being worn?	Oracle said: To sleep in.	Guesser said: I guess it is a nightgown.	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To strike.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in the hands of law enforcement.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a baton?	Oracle said: Correct.	
noose,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To hang something.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a jail.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Rope.	Guesser said: Is the object a noose?	Oracle said: Correct.	
notebook,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write in.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a school or office.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To write in.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nozzle,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to direct or control the flow of a substance.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: It can be found in various locations.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is this object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is this object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What types of substances can this object direct or control?	Oracle said: Liquids gases and solids.	Guesser said: Is this object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: It is not a shape.	Guesser said: Is this object a nozzle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nutcracker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To crack nuts.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a nutcracker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
oar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Propulsion.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the main physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In or near water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Propulsion.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Watercraft equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a paddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
oilcan,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to dispense oil.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oil can?	Oracle said: Correct.	
overcoat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a length.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a coat.	Oracle said: Correct.	
paddle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To propel an object.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is this object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is this object a paddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pail,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object most commonly found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific category?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be carried?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canteen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in homes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function related to water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paintball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark a target.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: I will guess that the object is a paintball.	Oracle said: Correct.	
paintbox,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used for painting.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other uses of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a studio.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a paint palette?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paintbrush,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for applying paint.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an art studio.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
painting,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be looked at.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this object be classified under?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes that stand out?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of canvas.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an abstract painting?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pajama,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pamphlet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to provide information.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in public places.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical appearance like?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cooking.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically round.	Guesser said: Is it often used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a frying pan.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pants,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair or a single item?	Oracle said: A pair.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pantsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn on the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	
pantyhose,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What material is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: Nylon.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is this object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the category of this object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does this object have any other functions besides covering the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperback,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: In what environment or location is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of environments including homes libraries and bookstores.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperclip,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold papers together.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other objects to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is a secondary function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to hold things together.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperweight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold down paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Decorative object.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
parachute,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: To slow descent.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a parachute?	Oracle said: Correct.	
parcel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found at a post office.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does this object have any markings or writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a package?	Oracle said: Correct.	
parka,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the colors the coat could be?	Oracle said: It could be green.	Guesser said: Where is the coat typically worn?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the coat a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What season is the coat typically worn in?	Oracle said: Winter.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: Correct.	
patch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To repair something.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does it usually stay in one location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pavement,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking and driving.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone concrete or asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
peephole,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To see through something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To see through something.	Guesser said: Is the object a peephole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pegboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for organization and display.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are some of the main physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is a common location for this object?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a sawhorse. Am I correct?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Hooks.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a pegboard. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a desk.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Writing utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pencil,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To write or draw.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: In what general category of objects would one find this object?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: What colors is the object typically?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: In what kind of location would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pendant,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pendulum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a science classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a weight.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendulum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
periscope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses for the object?	Oracle said: To see over or around something.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Optical devices.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a submarine.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a periscope.	Oracle said: Correct.	
petticoat,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: To be worn under a dress or skirt.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically smooth.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underpants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is this object a slip?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photograph,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for capturing memories documentation and artistic expression.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size and shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes offices and galleries.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical or digital thing?	Oracle said: Physical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid or flexible form?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
piano,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: In what general category of objects would one find this object?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has keys.	Guesser said: What is the object's location usually?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a piano.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pickaxe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To break things.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a mine.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people or machines?	Oracle said: Used by people.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
picture,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: Is this object a picture?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pill,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To deliver medication.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a cylinder.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Containers.	Guesser said: I will guess the object is a pill bottle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillowcase,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It can be used to decorate.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve any function besides decoration or covering something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture or pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To protect the pillow.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pin,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: What categories of objects would you find this object in?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is a use for the object?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pincushion,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold pins.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in a house?	Oracle said: In a sewing room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function if any?	Oracle said: It does not have a secondary function.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pin cushion.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pinstripe,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has lines.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object typically?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To decorate.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pattern stripes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a striped pattern on clothing.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pitchfork,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To lift and move things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a barn.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has prongs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitchfork?	Oracle said: Correct.	
plank,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors associated with the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a flat surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: Correct.	
plaster,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to cover and protect wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object made of natural materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a medical supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
platter,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
playhouse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a space for play.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Buildings.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does this object have?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a playground.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pliers,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To grip things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wrench.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pocket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What are the common materials this object is made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does this object typically stay in one location or is it moved around?	Oracle said: It is moved around.	Guesser said: Is it a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pocketknife,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It can be used for cutting.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a blade.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified under?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is this object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
podium,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for public speaking.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is this object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of wood.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is this object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is this object a lectern?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pole,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Does the object belong to a specific category of objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature or man-made environments?	Oracle said: Man-made environments.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a pole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
poncho,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses for the object?	Oracle said: To protect from weather.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's secondary functions?	Oracle said: It can be used to keep you dry.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific size?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is this object used on?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by multiple people at once?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pontoon,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Watercraft.	Guesser said: Is it a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pool,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: A structure.	Guesser said: Does the object typically exist indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a man-made structure or a natural formation?	Oracle said: Man-made structure.	Guesser said: Is the structure primarily used for individual recreation or group recreation?	Oracle said: Individual recreation or group recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object a building or not a building?	Oracle said: Not a building.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a park.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Concrete.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a skate park.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the recreation associated with this object?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in public spaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple parts that are assembled together or is it a single solid piece?	Oracle said: It is not made of multiple parts that are assembled together.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific form of recreation is the object primarily associated with?	Oracle said: Swimming.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a swimming pool.	Oracle said: Correct.	
popgun,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To make a popping sound.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toy store.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a water gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cap gun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
porcelain,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for tableware decorative items and insulators.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Decorative object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Porcelain.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What are some specific examples of the object?	Oracle said: I can not answer that question.	Guesser said: What is a secondary function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pot,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is a common category this object belongs to?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pottery,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for storage.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what kind of locations would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is typically made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for storage and decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pouch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found in a pocket.	Guesser said: Is it a coin purse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
powerboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it fall into?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the boat is made of?	Oracle said: Fiberglass.	Guesser said: Where is the boat typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pulley,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to lift or move heavy objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: In what type of location is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley?	Oracle said: Correct.	
puppet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: In what general location would you expect to find this object?	Oracle said: In a theater.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is it a puppet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
purse,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To carry items.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
quilt,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of the object?	Oracle said: For warmth.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
racquetball,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hit a ball.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Spherical	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is typically black.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowling ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In a court.	Guesser said: Is the object a tennis ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a racquetball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
raft,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To float on water.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a raft.	Oracle said: Correct.	
rafter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support a roof.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rag,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a house.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
raincoat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from rain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ratchet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To tighten or loosen fasteners.	Guesser said: What is the typical size range of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: What is this object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object a wrench?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is this object usually made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is this object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common uses of this tool beyond its primary function?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object most likely manufactured?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is this object a socket wrench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
razor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care.	Guesser said: Is this object a razor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
recliner,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting and reclining.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of wood metal fabric and leather.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a chair.	Oracle said: Correct.	
rib,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the things this object is used for?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: What is the general category of this object?	Oracle said: It is a part of the body.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is a bone.	Guesser said: What is the location of the bone?	Oracle said: In the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a rib?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rickshaw,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a car?	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an electric motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry multiple passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of engine does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have an engine.	Guesser said: Does the object require human power to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object propelled?	Oracle said: By human power.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
robe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How is the object typically put on the body?	Oracle said: It is typically put on by putting your arms through the sleeves and then pulling it over your body.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How often is the object worn?	Oracle said: Often.	Guesser said: Is it a long underwear top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn by itself or does it require other clothing items to be worn with it?	Oracle said: It can be worn by itself.	Guesser said: Is it a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object worn for athletic purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleep shirt?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical uses for the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have long sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object see through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered casual wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object comfortable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a turtleneck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a thermal underwear top?	Oracle said: No.	
roof,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Building component.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a physical structure.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment is the object most often found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rowboat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or things over water.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to the transportation of people or things?	Oracle said: It is used for the transportation of people or things.	Guesser said: Is it a rowboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rudder,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To steer.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of metal or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a rudder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rug,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
runway,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a place.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To allow for the takeoff and landing of aircraft.	Guesser said: Is the object an airport runway?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play a role in the preparation of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is it a pot holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storing food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object absorbent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a potholder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object help prevent spills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table runner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with hot items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a place mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep food at a certain temperature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a basket?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect items from damage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for packaging?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shopping bag?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shipping things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cardboard box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flap that folds over to close?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	
sackcloth,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for covering or holding things.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object such as its shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It is a rough coarse fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for covering or holding things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a towel.	Oracle said: Correct.	
saddle,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting on.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a seat.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is irregular.	Guesser said: Is the object a log?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanbag chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an outdoor pouf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any seams?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to sitting?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Is the object a small outdoor leather cushion-like object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific purpose other than sitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically sold or found?	Oracle said: It is typically sold or found in a store that sells equestrian equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
saddlebag,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for carrying items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a horse.	Guesser said: Is this object made of leather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a saddle?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: Is this object a bridle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It can be smooth or rough.	Guesser said: Is this object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of items does the object carry?	Oracle said: Personal items.	Guesser said: Is this object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the bag have any straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag attached to the horse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a saddlebag.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sailboat,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the main function of this object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What are some of the key materials used in its construction?	Oracle said: Wood fiberglass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.	
saltshaker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To dispense a substance.	Guesser said: What category of object does this fall into?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What substance does it dispense?	Oracle said: Salt.	Guesser said: Is the object a salt shaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sandal,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is commonly used for footwear.	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of leather rubber or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a person's foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes of this object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What are some variations of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has a sole.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: Is it a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors is this object commonly seen in?	Oracle said: It is commonly seen in many colors.	Guesser said: Is it a slipper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sarong,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used as clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a tropical climate.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sarong.	Oracle said: Correct.	
satchel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Leather canvas and other fabrics.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: It could be found in various places.	Guesser said: What is the general category of this object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the bag?	Oracle said: It has a strap.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
satin,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing and decoration.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a fabric.	Guesser said: What are the common locations of the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a variety of places.	Guesser said: Is the object a thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
saucepan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cooking.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is it a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scabbard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect something.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal leather or wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheath?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scaffold,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary uses?	Oracle said: It is used for supporting workers and materials during construction or maintenance.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: In what type of environment would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What is the category of object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary uses?	Oracle said: It is used for supporting workers and materials during construction or maintenance.	Guesser said: Is the object a scaffold?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scaffolding,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a raised platform for workers.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a scaffolding?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scalpel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scarecrow,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To deter animals.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a field.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Field.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarecrow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scarf,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep you warm.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of this object?	Oracle said: It can be used for warmth.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
schoolbag,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
schoolbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is it a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scissors,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a blade.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a knife.	Oracle said: Correct.	
scooter,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scrapbook,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What are some of the common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object a container or does it contain other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: Is it used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is it a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object usually associated with writing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a journal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
screen,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors of the object?	Oracle said: I am not a color.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's general purpose or function?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sculpture,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be looked at.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a museum.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is not alive.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Correct.	
seesaw,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a recreational activity.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Playground equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a long flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a recreational activity.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Playground equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Playground equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sharkskin,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural or manufactured item?	Oracle said: Natural.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for anything other than providing a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or characteristics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used or interacted with by any other living things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a whale.	Oracle said: Correct.	
shawl,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for warmth and decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shears,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shelf,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of wood metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shell,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide protection.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is hard.	Guesser said: What category would this object fit into?	Oracle said: Nature.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide protection.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is hard.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is this object a shell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shield,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location or is it portable?	Oracle said: Portable	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: A weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shingle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To protect from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a roof.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place this in?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect from the elements.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a roof tile.	Oracle said: Correct.	
shirt,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes such as shape size or texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coat.	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Leather rubber and fabric.	Guesser said: What general category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoelace,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a shoe.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: In what category would you place this object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical texture?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shoelace.	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoestring,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for tying.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a shoe.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shorts,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is this object pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
showerhead,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To dispense water.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shrapnel,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's main uses?	Oracle said: It is used to cause harm.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a war zone.	Guesser said: What category of object is this?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a landmine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's main uses?	Oracle said: It is used for destruction.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannonball?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an artillery shell?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is it an explosive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object shrapnel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sickle,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a curved blade.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a field.	Guesser said: Is the object a scythe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sidewall,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a vertical barrier.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Structure.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sieve,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general category of object Oracle is thinking of?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: To separate solids from liquids.	Guesser said: What materials is the utensil made of?	Oracle said: Metal and mesh.	Guesser said: Is the utensil typically used for cooking or serving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a spoon-like or bowl-like shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to separate solids from liquids of a soup?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a strainer.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sifter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To separate materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a round shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
silk,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a wardrobe.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Silk.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be used as a fabric.	Guesser said: I guess the object is silk thread.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sill,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides providing structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in the building?	Oracle said: It is part of the building.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose within the structure of the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Could the object be a beam?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a paver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function within the structure of the building?	Oracle said: It provides support.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornerstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific use within the building?	Oracle said: It is used to support a window or door.	Guesser said: Is the object a windowsill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
silverware,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for eating.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Utensil.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used to eat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving spoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sink,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a basin.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sketchbook,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create art.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Art supplies.	Guesser said: What are the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a place where art supplies are kept.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What colors is the object commonly found in?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a box of crayons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other objects does this object commonly come with?	Oracle said: Pencils	Guesser said: Is the object an art pad?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ski,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To glide over snow.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sport equipment.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowboard?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To glide over snow.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a mountain.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of skis?	Oracle said: Correct.	
skillet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
skirt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What are the typical functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically worn on the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category of object is this?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
skullcap,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would one typically encounter this object?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an article of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a soft material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Is it a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a halo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have any decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the hat's function?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: Is it a skullcap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slacks,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slate,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sledgehammer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: What is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sleeve,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is this object usually found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing for the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does this object cover?	Oracle said: It covers the arm.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as its shape color and texture?	Oracle said: It is typically long and cylindrical and can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object an arm warmer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sleigh,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has runners.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slingshot,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it typically used by humans or animals?	Oracle said: Humans	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slipcover,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To protect something.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is this furniture object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect something.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the home is the object most likely to be found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a furniture cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
slipper,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use?	Oracle said: For wearing on the feet.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric leather or rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: I don't know.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
smock,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object perform beyond protecting clothing?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of protective garment such as a lab coat or welding jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific type of clothing does the object protect?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: What is the context in which this object is used in the workshop?	Oracle said: It is used in a workshop.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does it primarily cover?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of it being in the workshop?	Oracle said: It is used to protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a smock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sneaker,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as its size shape and texture?	Oracle said: It is typically small enough to be held in one hand it is shaped to fit a foot and the texture varies depending on the materials used.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of rubber fabric and leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Walking.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as its size shape and texture?	Oracle said: It can vary in size it is typically shoe-shaped and the texture can vary.	Guesser said: In what locations would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber fabric and leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: For walking and running.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber fabric and leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To provide foot protection and traction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber fabric and leather.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces.	Guesser said: In what location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an article of clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To provide foot protection and traction.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rubber fabric and leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To provide foot protection and traction.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber fabric and leather.	Guesser said: In what locations would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking running and other physical activities.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces.	
snorkel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To breathe underwater.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used by humans or animals?	Oracle said: Humans	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowman,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Fun.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: A craft.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowman?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does this object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for protection from the cold.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the cold.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it made of multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is it made of multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is it typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	
snuffbox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small metal container.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storing money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative metal box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or engravings?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a pocket or on a table.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small metal container.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill case?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What other purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: It can be used to store things.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or engravings?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for a medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a pocket or on a table.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a case for holding pills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for tobacco?	Oracle said: Yes	
sock,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a foot.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sofa,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide seating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It typically has a cushioned seat and back.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: Correct.	
softball,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be hit or thrown.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: What is the object's location usually?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the ball made of?	Oracle said: It is made of synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in the sport of soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the ball?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the ball?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the ball a bowling ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in the sport of dodgeball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ball have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a kickball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball commonly found on a beach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the ball?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the ball bounce?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball a lacrosse ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ball have holes in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a cricket ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball associated with childhood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball designed to be thrown far?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the ball is a billiard ball.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the ball used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the ball have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball used with a stick or bat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the ball have stitches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ball have raised seams?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ball a golf ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ball have a hard shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a tennis ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the ball?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the ball a type of ball used in American football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the ball a baseball?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the ball used in a game with goals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ball a softball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
songbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold songs.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of paper.	Guesser said: Is it a physical book or a digital book?	Oracle said: It is a physical book.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the book a songbook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spacesuit,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer from the harsh environment of space.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Various materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacesuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spandex,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: What category would the object be in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would the object be typically found?	Oracle said: In a gym.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific pockets or compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sparkler,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a manufactured object?	Oracle said: Manufactured.	Guesser said: What material is the object most often made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object other than to produce light?	Oracle said: To celebrate.	Guesser said: Is the object a firework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually used by one person or by many people?	Oracle said: Usually used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create a flame?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to start a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and chemicals.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flare?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spatula,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cooking.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen appliance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Flat.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pan.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides cooking?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To flip food.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a spatula.	Oracle said: Correct.	
spear,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pierce or penetrate.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a battlefield.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object like shape color or texture?	Oracle said: It is long and pointed.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spectacles,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Optical	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a face.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spittoon,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To spit into.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for spitting into.	Guesser said: Is the object a spittoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spool,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in an industrial setting.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what category would you place the object?	Oracle said: Industrial.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make other things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a *storage container*.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hold?	Oracle said: A spool is used to hold string.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: String.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a *spool*.	Oracle said: Correct.	
spoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for eating.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin with a rounded end.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
squeegee,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Cleaning tool.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stagecoach,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn carriage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow one to move between different levels.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Inside or outside a building.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Building	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has steps.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a staircase.	Oracle said: Correct.	
stapler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To fasten things together.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
statue,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be looked at.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Correct.	
statuette,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of stone is the sculpture made of?	Oracle said: I am not a sculpture.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the most common location of the object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the sculpture?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What type of art is the sculpture?	Oracle said: I am not a sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an abstract sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the sculpture?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the sculpture's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What type of art is the sculpture?	Oracle said: Sculpture.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture of a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture of an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture painted?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture in a museum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: It is commonly located indoors.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture of a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a statue?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stencil,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: To create multiple copies of a design or pattern.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It can be flat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in an art supply store.	Guesser said: What are the other common uses of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To create a pattern or design.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stethoscope,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To listen to sounds.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some specific examples of the sounds it listens to?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by medical professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for diagnostic purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stethoscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stiletto,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the feet.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made from?	Oracle said: It is typically made from leather metal and rubber.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the shoe?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the metal part?	Oracle said: To make the shoe last longer.	Guesser said: Is it a work boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of activities is it typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for walking.	Guesser said: Is it a dress shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a high heel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stilt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden walking bridge.	Oracle said: Correct.	
stirrup,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to support a person's foot while riding an animal.	Guesser said: In what location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a horse.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a stirrup?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stocking,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stool,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment or location is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in homes offices and other indoor spaces.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a seat.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: In what category would you classify this object?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a seat.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
storybook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has pages.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically found?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stove,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cooking.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of a heating source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food while it is being cooked?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a larger cooking appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a burner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can be used for cooking.	Guesser said: Is it a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: Appliance	Guesser said: Is it a toaster oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger cooking appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a heating element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a broiler?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the cooking process?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: Is it a cooktop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
straightjacket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To restrict movement.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a mental institution.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a straitjacket.	Oracle said: Correct.	
strap,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something in place.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It can be found on clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object possess?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
string,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect things.	Guesser said: What are some of the typical locations where you might find this object?	Oracle said: You might find it in a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Can you describe some of the physical attributes of the object such as its shape size or texture?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Text.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar string?	Oracle said: Correct.	
strongbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: To store valuables.	Guesser said: Where is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a bank.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What material is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is this object a safe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stucco,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a protective and decorative surface.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this object typically be found in?	Oracle said: Buildings.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is a solid.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made from?	Oracle said: It is typically made from cement sand water and lime.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is this object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have any patterns or textures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of flooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a facade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To provide a decorative and protective coating for walls and other surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a stucco?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is not worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is not worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is not worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	
suitcase,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: For carrying items while traveling.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is a general category the object would fall into?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shapes is this object commonly found in?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sundial,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general category of this object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a face.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sundress,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific uses besides covering the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Torso and legs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunglass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To protect eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Fashion.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes such as shape or size?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: I guess the object is sunglasses.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunglasses,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Fashion.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has lenses.	Guesser said: I guess it is sunglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunlamp,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric light?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a light fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lampshade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	
sunroof,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To let light in.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a car.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is a rectangle.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides letting light in?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It allows light and air to enter.	Guesser said: Is the object a car window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To let light and air into a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunroof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunscreen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care product.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of chemicals.	Guesser said: Is it a sunscreen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
surfboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: What are the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and flat.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for recreation.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or markings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations where this object is typically found?	Oracle said: Beaches.	Guesser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suspender,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does this object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object used on?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object protect?	Oracle said: Nothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's design?	Oracle said: To hold up pants.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of suspenders?	Oracle said: Correct.	
swatch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display a sample of something.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a store.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display color or material.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a swatch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweater,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweatpants,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper or lower body?	Oracle said: Lower body	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cotton polyester or a blend of both.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is commonly used for comfort and casual wear.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically loose-fitting or close-fitting?	Oracle said: Loose-fitting.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of sweatpants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweatshirt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the things the object is used for?	Oracle said: It is used for warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
swimsuit,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of materials like nylon spandex and polyester.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors outdoors or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for athletic activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for fashion function or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can come in many shapes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit top?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sword,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a battle.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: Correct.	
syringe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to inject or withdraw fluids.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place it in?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tablecloth,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a table.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tailcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of material.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object such as shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It has a shape size and texture.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	
tambourine,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a band.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the different shapes the object can take?	Oracle said: It can be round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve air being blown into it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal and skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve striking something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function within a band?	Oracle said: It is a percussion instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a maraca?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tape,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To record and store audio or video.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a player.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tarmac,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: A structure.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: I guess it is a road.	Oracle said: Correct.	
tarp,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To protect things from the weather.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tassel,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on clothing or home decor.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified under?	Oracle said: Decorative object.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object made?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose beyond decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tassel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
teakettle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I will guess that the object is a kettle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
teapot,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for pouring hot liquids.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telescope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To observe distant objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long tube.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a telescope.	Oracle said: Correct.	
terrycloth,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for drying.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
textbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a school.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermos,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep things at a certain temperature.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes offices and outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hold?	Oracle said: Liquid.	Guesser said: I think the object is a thermos.	Oracle said: Correct.	
thong,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: In what general location would one expect to find this object?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is this object used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific fastening mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What purpose does the object serve for the body?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the relationship of the object to other clothing?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
throne,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be sat upon.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a castle.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the chair?	Oracle said: It has a back.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the chair?	Oracle said: To be sat upon.	Guesser said: Is the chair a throne?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thumbtack,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold things in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical characteristic?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a bulletin board.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tiara,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a head.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object jewelry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crown?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tightrope,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is it a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking across.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking across.	Guesser said: Is the object a crosswalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking across.	Guesser said: Is the object a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a gangway?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking across.	Guesser said: Is the object a boardwalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a footbridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking across.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a causeway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking on.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a trail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for walking on.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a pathway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a promenade?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tights,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Nylon.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of stockings?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tile,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cover a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object located?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
timber,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses or functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for construction and carpentry.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as its shape size or texture?	Oracle said: It can be long and rectangular. It can be rough.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found or used?	Oracle said: It is typically found or used outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tinfoil,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general category of object Oracle is thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to wrap food.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: Is the object located indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: It can be located indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tinsel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is often used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category would you put this object in?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a Christmas tree.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a strand of tinsel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toboggan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move people.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a hill.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toga,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific color.	Guesser said: Where is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: Ancient Rome.	Guesser said: Is the object a toga?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tomahawk,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a head.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is not in a specific location.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a head.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used as a weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tongs,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for gripping and holding objects.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Does this object have any specific physical attributes that are notable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used for picking up food.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of tongs.	Oracle said: Correct.	
toolbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to store tools.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a physical shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store and organize tools.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toothbrush,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean teeth.	Guesser said: What is the typical size and shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically small and rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and bristles.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toothpick,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for picking up food.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood	Guesser said: In what location would you most likely find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is another function of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
topcoat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
torch,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary physical attribute?	Oracle said: It provides light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toupee,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a bald spot.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has hair.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tourniquet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a medical setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To stop blood flow.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is this object a tourniquet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
towel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for absorbing liquids and drying.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is this object typically found?	Oracle said: This object is typically found in bathrooms kitchens and at the beach.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
towline,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for towing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: I am a rope.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land in the water or in the air?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rope.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow rope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toy,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for play.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Toy	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: I am a toy.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is another function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object a board game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trampoline,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for recreational jumping and bouncing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trapeze,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To swing on.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations where this object is commonly found?	Oracle said: In a circus.	Guesser said: What is the general category of this object?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people or animals?	Oracle said: People	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment or a structure?	Oracle said: A piece of equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: I think the object is a trapeze.	Oracle said: Correct.	
tray,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical characteristics?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical characteristics?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tricycle,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide transportation.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are the object's main physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a mode of public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To provide transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a person to push it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a person to sit on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a child's push car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the approximate dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made for adults or children?	Oracle said: Children	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: Three.	Guesser said: Is the object a tricycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trident,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To spear things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has prongs.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object a trident?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tripod,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide stability.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has legs.	Guesser said: In what category would you place this object?	Oracle said: Photography.	Guesser said: Is the object a tripod?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trombone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a band.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: It has a long cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a clarinet.	Oracle said: Correct.	
trouser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as its shape size and texture?	Oracle said: It is typically long covering the legs.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trumpet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a band.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trunks,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal and leather.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a trunk.	Oracle said: Correct.	
tub,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tuba,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: In what category would you place the object?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a band.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the sound produced?	Oracle said: By blowing air into it.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have valves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a French horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: Is the object a sousaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turban,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the textures of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the head?	Oracle said: It is worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Does the object have any embellishments or decorations?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a do-rag?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a babushka?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the textures of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a swim cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object held on the head?	Oracle said: It is wrapped around the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turntable,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play records.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a machine.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic and rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object often found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turtleneck,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tux,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the common locations where the object can be found?	Oracle said: Parties.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of material.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tuxedo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a formal setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is worn for formal occasions.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is it a suit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
typewriter,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function beyond writing?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a typewriter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ukulele,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has strings.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides the strings?	Oracle said: It has a body neck and headstock.	Guesser said: What kind of music is it typically used to make?	Oracle said: It is typically used to make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the body of the object?	Oracle said: Oval.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is not a location.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of strings does the object have?	Oracle said: Nylon.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: Correct.	
umbrella,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect from rain.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Household.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a common item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an umbrella.	Oracle said: Correct.	
undercoat,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a base layer for paint.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does this object have any specific shapes or dimensions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object something you wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function beyond providing a base layer for paint?	Oracle said: It provides a base layer for paint.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of this object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions beyond providing a base layer for paint and being clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a primer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
underpants,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the genitals.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
undershirt,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb sweat.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a dresser.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
underwear,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations you would find this object?	Oracle said: In a dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of different materials.	Guesser said: What are the functions of this object beyond covering the body?	Oracle said: It does not have any functions beyond covering the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Cotton silk and various synthetic materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations you would find this object other than a dresser?	Oracle said: In a washing machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the locations you would find this object?	Oracle said: In a dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
unicycle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary source of power for the object?	Oracle said: Human.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
uniform,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors associated with the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: Correct.	
urinal,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for urination.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Sanitary ware.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
urn,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a cemetery.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
utensil,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Utensil.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to eat with.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vent,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It allows for the passage of air.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a ventilation system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vest,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is an article of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What parts of the body does the object typically cover?	Oracle said: The torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object fastened or secured?	Oracle said: It can be fastened with buttons zippers or other closures.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: Correct.	
violin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a concert hall.	Guesser said: Is this object typically held in the hand while being played?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
visor,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a head.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is an accessory.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is curved.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes from sunlight.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wagon,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object use any type of power to move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
waistband,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold up clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The waist.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
waistcoat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To keep the torso warm.	Guesser said: In what general location is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has pockets.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wallboard,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Construction material.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of gypsum.	Guesser said: Is the object a drywall panel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wallet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for storing items.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wand,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a wizard's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for casting spells.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wand?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wardrobe,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: To store clothes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Based on the previous answers I guess the object is a wardrobe.	Oracle said: Correct.	
washbasin,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Bathroom	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic porcelain stainless steel or glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washboard,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for washing clothes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a laundry room.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to washing clothes?	Oracle said: It is used for washing clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes hamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a washboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washbowl,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is it a sink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washcloth,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To clean something.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Cleaning.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any liquid to perform its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washrag,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is this object used by people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washstand,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean oneself.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical physical form or shape?	Oracle said: It has a typical physical form.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by humans or animals?	Oracle said: Humans.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What other functions if any does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have any other functions.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form or shape?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object touch the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the flat part of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vanity?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washtub,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Household object.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bathtub.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wastebasket,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for containing trash.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic metal or wicker.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is this object a trash can?	Oracle said: Correct.	
watchband,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: On a wrist.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other objects is this object often used with?	Oracle said: A watch.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
weeds,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It has no common uses.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Plant.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the plant?	Oracle said: It has leaves and stems.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this plant?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is this plant a common plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the plant's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the plant a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color are the leaves?	Oracle said: Green.	Guesser said: Is the plant grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this plant grow in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the leaves?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the plant used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the leaves?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the plant a bush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the plant's shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the plant a weed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheelbarrow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheelchair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide mobility.	Guesser said: In what environment is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Hospitals.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
whetstone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To sharpen things.	Guesser said: In what category of objects would you find this object?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a whetstone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wig,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To change the appearance of the head.	Guesser said: What category of object does this fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windowpane,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: To see through.	Guesser said: What shape is this object typically found in?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To allow light to pass through.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside and outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a window.	Oracle said: Correct.	
windowsill,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It can hold things.	Guesser said: In what locations might you find this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: A building component.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is solid.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you describe the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It can be smooth or rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood stone or other materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Can you describe the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can it be attached to other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects around it?	Oracle said: It is often attached to a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It can be used to hold objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in a building?	Oracle said: It can be used to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a cupboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a specific orientation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mantelpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a built-in bookcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object structural?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any purpose besides holding things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of wood stone or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object essential for the structure it is part of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be found on a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ledge?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windscreen,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: To protect the driver and passengers from the elements such as wind rain and debris.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle parts.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object such as its shape or size?	Oracle said: It is typically flat and curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windshield,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the occupants of a vehicle from the elements.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It is transparent.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a car windshield.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wineglass,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some other functions this object may have?	Oracle said: It can be used to drink from.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What category of object would you place this object in?	Oracle said: Drinkware.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What other purposes does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for drinking.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to measure the liquid it holds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wire,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To conduct electricity.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a wall.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is this object a wire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wok,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What general category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wool,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Material.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Where can you find the object?	Oracle said: In a field.	Guesser said: Is the object wool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workbench,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a stable surface for working on projects.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this tool typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workbook,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a ledger?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workstation,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for tasks such as software development data analysis and graphic design.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a physical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To perform tasks.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's secondary uses?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Is the object an office computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of office equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a 3D printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a physical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a central processing unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: Is the object a router?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a physical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a network switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object an external hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a RAM stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for work.	Guesser said: Is the object a video card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: Is the object a server rack?	Oracle said: No.	
wristband,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Accessory	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: Is the object made of a hard or soft material?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a hat.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: I am guessing the object is a headband.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wristwatch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What materials is this object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category would this object fall into?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
xylophone,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a music room.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary use?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the main physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has bars.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
yearbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has pages.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a textbook.	Oracle said: Correct.	
yoke,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Farming.	Guesser said: Is the object a saddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a farm.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Farming.	Guesser said: Is the object a plow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Agriculture.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoke?	Oracle said: Correct.	
zipper,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to fasten things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Fastener.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has an elongated shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fabric.	Guesser said: Is it a zipper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
airplane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is this object a plane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
airship,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hot air balloon.	Oracle said: Correct.	
ambulance,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide medical assistance.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific physical attributes that distinguish it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function related to medical assistance?	Oracle said: To provide medical assistance.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's distinguishing physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has lights and sirens.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ammunition,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To be fired from a weapon.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a gun.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
amplifier,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To amplify.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To amplify.	Guesser said: Is it an amplifier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
antenna,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On top of buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To receive or transmit radio signals.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: Correct.	
audiotape,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a cassette player.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
automobile,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barometer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It measures atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a measuring instrument.	Guesser said: Is this object a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
battleship,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in naval combat.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary color?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: In what general location would you expect to find this object?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It is used for combat.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Steel	Guesser said: Is the object a destroyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: It is much larger.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to other objects on the water?	Oracle said: It floats on the water.	Guesser said: Is it a frigate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function when in combat?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: Does the object have any weapons on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a patrol boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move on its own?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical crew size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry other aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large number of guns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bazooka,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What material is it typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a war zone.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the specific physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long tube.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a war zone.	Guesser said: What material is it typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the specific physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade launcher?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What are some of the specific physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long tube.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket launcher?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beeper,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of material.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any material.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a device.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blowtorch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply heat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of tool does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a soldering iron.	Oracle said: Correct.	
boiler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a water heater.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bomb,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause destruction.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In various locations.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of environment would this object be most effective in?	Oracle said: Military.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boxcar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a railroad.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified under?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: I will guess the object is a train car.	Oracle said: Correct.	
breathalyzer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To measure blood alcohol content.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a police station.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a breathalyzer.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bullet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be fired from a gun.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a gun.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a bullet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
burner,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To produce heat.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flame.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bus,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.	
buzzer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make a buzzing sound.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a physical attribute.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to make a buzzing sound.	Guesser said: Is it an alarm?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camcorder,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To record video.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes or at events.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other functions does this object have besides recording video?	Oracle said: It can take still photos.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a camcorder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camera,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to capture images and videos.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a store.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a lens.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Correct.	
candle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of this object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cannon,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is this object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a handgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cannonball,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be launched.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is it launched from the ground or from the air?	Oracle said: From the ground.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a cannonball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
car,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a road.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cartridge,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to hold a substance.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a printer.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold a substance.	Guesser said: Is the object a cartridge?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cassette,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Media.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chainsaw,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a forest.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
compass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To determine direction.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a needle.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a compass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
computer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Inside a building.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
defibrillator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To save lives.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In hospitals.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of medical tool is the object?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a patient's body directly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a heart monitor.	Oracle said: Correct.	
detonator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To initiate an explosion.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a place where explosives are used.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a detonator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishwasher,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sponge.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: What other objects is it usually found with?	Oracle said: It is usually found with other kitchen appliances.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cutting board.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dishwasher.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorbell,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To signal someone.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on or near the entrance of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dryer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To dry things.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: In a laundry room.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is a machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes dryer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dumbwaiter,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the appliance?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an elevator.	Oracle said: Correct.	
earphone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: Listening to audio.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earbuds?	Oracle said: Correct.	
earpiece,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What are some possible locations where you might find this object?	Oracle said: In or on a person's ear.	Guesser said: Is it an earbud?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eggbeater,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for mixing ingredients.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
elevator,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or objects between different levels of a building or structure.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a door.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
engine,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide power.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has moving parts.	Guesser said: What category does this object fall into?	Oracle said: It is a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object an engine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ferry,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the common physical attributes of the boat?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: What is the boat's function in more detail?	Oracle said: It is used to transport people and vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the boat?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of boat is it?	Oracle said: Boat.	Guesser said: Is it a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ferryboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object carry many people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.	
film,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: To be watched for entertainment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is not a physical object.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a cinema.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flamethrower,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To project a stream of flame.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a trade or profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a manufactured one?	Oracle said: a manufactured one	Guesser said: I think the object is a torch.	Oracle said: Correct.	
flashbulb,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of this object?	Oracle said: To produce a flash of light.	Guesser said: What is this object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Electrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is this object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flashlight,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's most defining physical attribute?	Oracle said: It provides light.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical category?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
floodlight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: To illuminate an area.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a housing.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a streetlight.	Oracle said: Correct.	
fuse,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to protect electrical circuits from overcurrent.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object located?	Oracle said: In an electrical circuit.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gearshift,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To change gears.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a mechanical device.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a gear. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gramophone,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a horn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What material is the horn made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a horn.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gramophone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
grenade,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause damage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: A weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a war zone.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bullet.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Explosives.	Guesser said: I think the object is a landmine.	Oracle said: Correct.	
handgun,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary colors of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans or animals?	Oracle said: Humans	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gun.	Oracle said: Correct.	
headlight,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To illuminate the road ahead.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: On a car.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a car headlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headphone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in homes offices and public transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a communication device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size and shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is relatively small and typically has a shape that fits over or in the ears.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I guess the object is headphones.	Oracle said: Correct.	
hearse,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport deceased people.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a casket?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What kind of category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
heater,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce heat.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
helicopter,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's general location?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: Is it a helicopter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hotplate,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat things.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is its location typically?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is it used for cooking or for warming things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a flat shape.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: A pan.	Guesser said: Is the object a stovetop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
houseboat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for living.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: A type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It floats.	Guesser said: Is it a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for living.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of this object?	Oracle said: To live in.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of this object?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: Is it a houseboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hovercraft,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What material is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of various materials including rubber plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors outdoors or both?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object use any form of propulsion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of this object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on a specific path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary fuel source?	Oracle said: It uses fuel.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object carry many people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object use rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for commercial or recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cabin or enclosed area for passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an internal combustion engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple decks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hull?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on lakes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo over various surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main source of the object's propulsion?	Oracle said: Air.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a zeppelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on ice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hovercraft?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hydrant,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to provide water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and has a nozzle.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Utility.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: Correct.	
incubator,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to control temperature humidity and other environmental conditions.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does this object have any specific physical attributes like size shape or color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some other uses of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object generally considered large or small?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: What is the object's general purpose?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: Is the object's location always in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in research?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object an instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a temperature-controlled incubator.	Oracle said: Correct.	
inhaler,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To assist with breathing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home or a medical facility.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is an inhaler.	Oracle said: Correct.	
intercom,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Communication device.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's general location?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object typically found near?	Oracle said: Near a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a speakerphone?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Communication device.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's general location?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific location?	Oracle said: It can be located in various places.	Guesser said: Does the object emit light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object found?	Oracle said: In buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object an intercom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jackhammer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's primary uses?	Oracle said: To break up hard surfaces.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: Construction sites.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object a jackhammer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jeep,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function or purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of movement?	Oracle said: It moves on land.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's key physical characteristics besides its shape and material?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of people use this object the most?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general use beyond just transportation?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal or commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Is the object a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple rows of seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a minivan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What features does the object have inside?	Oracle said: It has seats.	Guesser said: Is the object a sport utility vehicle (SUV)?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wings.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land in water or in the air?	Oracle said: in the air	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
joystick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found with gaming consoles and computers.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To control something.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What are the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game controller?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jukebox,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is this object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of multiple materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the other functions of this object besides playing music?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object in a public place?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: What kind of music does it typically play?	Oracle said: It typically plays music.	Guesser said: Is this object an arcade game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keyboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To input text and commands into a computer.	Guesser said: What are the typical physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keypad,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To input data.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: A device.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a device.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lamp,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a base.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lamppost,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category would this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a street light.	Oracle said: Correct.	
landline,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a cord.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
laptop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for computing browsing the internet and word processing.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a screen.	Guesser said: What is a typical location for this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is it portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a laptop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
laser,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: To cut to measure to scan to transmit information.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common location?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It emits light.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lightbulb,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: To produce light.	Guesser said: What is the typical size and shape of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a lamp.	Guesser said: Is this object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
limousine,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of propulsion?	Oracle said: It typically uses an internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a car?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical passenger capacity?	Oracle said: More than 4.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose other than transportation?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
locomotive,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What are the typical locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: On a railway.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.	
loudspeaker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
matchstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object such as shape size or texture?	Oracle said: It is small and thin.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: In a box.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: Correct.	
megaphone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To amplify sound.	Guesser said: What are the object's common physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically cylindrical or conical with a flared end.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a public place.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microchip,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses or functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for processing information and controlling electronic devices.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In electronics.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic.	Guesser said: Is it a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: Is it a circuit board?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What other things could the object be used for?	Oracle said: It could be used for computers.	Guesser said: What are the typical components of the object?	Oracle said: It has transistors resistors and capacitors.	Guesser said: Is it a microchip?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microcomputer,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for a variety of tasks including word processing web browsing and gaming.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Computer.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: A monitor.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: It uses electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's secondary functions?	Oracle said: It can be used for word processing web browsing and gaming.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How is the object connected to other devices?	Oracle said: It can be connected to other devices with cables or wirelessly.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's features?	Oracle said: It has a processor.	Guesser said: Is the object a server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is used for computing.	Guesser said: Is the object a motherboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require external power?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: Is the object a graphics card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cooling system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Raspberry Pi?	Oracle said: Correct.	
minibus,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this object be classified in?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.	
minivan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it.	Oracle said: Correct.	
missile,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To attack a target.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What is the primary physical attribute of the object?	Oracle said: It is a projectile.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide mechanical power.	Guesser said: What are the common locations where this object can be found?	Oracle said: In vehicles and appliances.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object an engine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorbike,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide transportation.	Guesser said: What category does this object fall into?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is this object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object use an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorboat,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Is it a speedboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorbus,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorcar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object would you classify it as?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land sea or air?	Oracle said: Land.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is it a commercial vehicle or a personal vehicle?	Oracle said: A personal vehicle.	Guesser said: What is a secondary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it used primarily for leisure or practical purposes?	Oracle said: Practical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object run on gasoline?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sedan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorcycle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What is the object's typical source of power?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed passenger compartment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mower,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It cuts grass.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has blades.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawnmower?	Oracle said: Correct.	
musket,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
odometer,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure distance.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
oscilloscope,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display electrical signals.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a signal generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific type of electrical signals does the object display?	Oracle said: Electrical signals.	Guesser said: Is the object an oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
oven,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What are the common physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a rectangular prism.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: I guess the object is an oven.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pager,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to receive short messages and notifications.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a workplace.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Communication device.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a walkie-talkie.	Oracle said: Correct.	
pedometer,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has a display.	Guesser said: What is the object's location usually?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any specific material.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's location usually?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: Does this object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
penlight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a penlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
phone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses for the object?	Oracle said: It is used for communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a pocket or on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
phonograph,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main uses of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound when it is struck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's common locations?	Oracle said: Living rooms entertainment centers.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have besides playing music?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific purpose in entertainment?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: Is the object a stereo?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary method of controlling the object?	Oracle said: Mechanical.	Guesser said: What is the range of the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the sound of the object produced?	Oracle said: The sound is produced mechanically.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use keys to play music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment in which the object is used?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object held or positioned when it is played?	Oracle said: It is placed on a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photo,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical uses of the object?	Oracle said: To capture and preserve visual memories to convey information or for artistic expression.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What kind of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What is the object's common material?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photocopier,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the common uses of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to make copies of documents and images.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: Is this object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: Is it a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photocopy,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: In what general location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Office.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine electrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a copy machine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pistol,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a holster.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical appearance?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What are some of the potential locations where this gun could be found?	Oracle said: It could be found in a holster.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the gun?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the gun a pistol?	Oracle said: Correct.	
plane,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does this object fall into?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What type of power does the object use?	Oracle said: It uses a type of power.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides transportation?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object?	Oracle said: It has wings.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
projector,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It projects images.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical category?	Oracle said: Electronic device	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: Correct.	
propeller,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used to propel things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has blades.	Guesser said: Where can this object be found?	Oracle said: In the water or the air.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the blades?	Oracle said: To generate thrust.	Guesser said: Is it a propeller?	Oracle said: Correct.	
radar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in various locations including airports ships and weather stations.	Guesser said: What category would you classify this object in?	Oracle said: Technology.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has physical attributes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a metal detector. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
radio,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To receive audio signals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.	
railcar,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods or passengers.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On a railroad.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
refrigerator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store food and beverages at a cool temperature.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of appliance.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a large box.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
respirator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a mask.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic rubber and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To provide breathable air.	Guesser said: Is the object a respirator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
revolver,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To shoot.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what types of locations would one typically find the object?	Oracle said: One might typically find the object in a holster.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a handgun.	Oracle said: Correct.	
rifle,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's main functions or uses?	Oracle said: It is used for shooting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
robot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's main functions?	Oracle said: It can perform tasks automatically.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a factory.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: What are the object's main functions?	Oracle said: It can perform tasks automatically.	Guesser said: Is the object a robot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rocket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary uses of this object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: Is this object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is this object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the spacecraft a rocket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
satellite,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To observe.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical characteristics of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and has solar panels.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: Correct.	
seaplane,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wings.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary location?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seaplane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
searchlight,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: To illuminate a specific area.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is this object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is this object made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a source of light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess this object is a streetlight.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sedan,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a jeep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
seismograph,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: In what general location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object such as size and shape?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides measuring?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a ruler.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What other objects is the object commonly found with?	Oracle said: It is commonly found with a building.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a measuring tape.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object used to measure?	Oracle said: Earthquakes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a seismograph.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sharpener,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To sharpen things.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a school.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a physical shape.	Guesser said: What category would this object be classified in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ship,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shotgun,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal wood and plastic.	Guesser said: In what kind of location would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is this object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used for recreation or sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does this object use explosives?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow and arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body is used to operate the object?	Oracle said: Hands.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is this object a gun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific sport is this object used in?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's value?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require any special training or skill to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this a paintball gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by adults?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can this object be used for hunting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's shape tubular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shredder,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to destroy documents.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a shredder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shuttle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has wings.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found on land in the water or in the air?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: I guess this object is an airplane.	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the secondary function of this object?	Oracle said: It transports people.	Guesser said: I guess this object is a commercial airplane.	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowmobile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a body skis and tracks.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land or snow?	Oracle said: Snow.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a snowmobile.	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowplow,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used to clear snow.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spacecraft,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To travel in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found or used?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft?	Oracle said: Correct.	
speedboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a jet ski?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	
speedometer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sprinkler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To distribute water.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Garden	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
steamboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport people and goods.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the boat?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Where is the boat typically used?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the components of the boat?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What powers the boat?	Oracle said: Steam.	Guesser said: Is the boat a steamboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
steamship,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods over water.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it a ship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stereo,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic device	Guesser said: What are the primary physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a stereo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stopwatch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Timekeeping device.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a display.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a race.	Guesser said: Is the object a stopwatch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
streetcar,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: It transports people.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On city streets.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tram?	Oracle said: Correct.	
streetlight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: Is it a streetlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
submarine,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel underwater.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What category would you place this object in?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
supertanker,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural object or a man-made object?	Oracle said: A man-made object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Steel.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or role in the transportation of goods?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the ship a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any unique or distinguishing features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of cargo does it typically transport?	Oracle said: Oil.	Guesser said: Is it a tanker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
taillight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What category of object would you classify it as?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is red.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is it a brake light?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tank,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's typical uses?	Oracle said: It is used for combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: It is a rectangular prism.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a war.	Guesser said: What category of object does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tanker,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the boat?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of this boat?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the boat?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the boat a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of the boat?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tanker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
taxi,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a city.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object move along tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telegraph,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It was used to send messages over long distances.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a station.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object composed of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Is the object a telegraph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telephone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for communication.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a telephone.	Oracle said: Correct.	
television,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display visual information.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronic device.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermometer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: To measure temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object made of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a thermometer.	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermostat,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to control temperature.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object located?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a display.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to control temperature.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an air conditioner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a display.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It is used to control temperature.	Guesser said: Does the object contain water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: Does the object use a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
timer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of this object?	Oracle said: It measures time.	Guesser said: What category of objects would this object be classified under?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of this object?	Oracle said: It has a display.	Guesser said: What is the object's location where is it commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in kitchens.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen timer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tractor,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the main functions of this object?	Oracle said: It is used for pulling or pushing heavy loads plowing fields and other agricultural tasks.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a field.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
train,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: On tracks.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.	
transponder,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transmit information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What category does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic	Guesser said: Is it a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: It transmits information.	Guesser said: Is it an electrical wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other places can the object be found?	Oracle said: In vehicles.	Guesser said: Does the object need electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a car radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What other category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is it a GPS?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a car computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a car antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object receive information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a car's control module?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transmit information wirelessly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a key fob?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a car's Bluetooth system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the information transmitted?	Oracle said: Radio waves.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire pressure sensor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any external components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote keyless entry system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the engine in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a radar detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for safety?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a car alarm system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the car's safety system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transmitter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
treadmill,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's common uses?	Oracle said: Exercise.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a gym.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trolley,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object often found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In a supermarket.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
truck,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal rubber and plastic.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find this object?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Vehicle	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tugboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It floats.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To tow things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vibrator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide physical stimulation.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sex toy.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where this object might be found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
videocassette,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play video and audio.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes such as size and shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: To record and play video.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital video recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of power does it use?	Oracle said: None.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is its relation to other devices?	Oracle said: It can be used with other devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it often used with a television?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a streaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Blu-ray player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object connect to?	Oracle said: It does not connect to anything.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS tape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
videotape,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object such as its size and shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made from?	Oracle said: Plastic and magnetic material.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is it a VCR?	Oracle said: InCorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate age?	Oracle said: It is relatively old.	Guesser said: Does the object require any special equipment to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
warplane,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: What category of objects does this object belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically found?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
warship,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It floats.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is it a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It floats.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides engaging in combat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
webcam,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To capture images and video.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a lens.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Correct.	
whaleboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Boat.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden sailboat.	Oracle said: Correct.	
windmill,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: It converts wind energy into rotational energy.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: It is a type of object.	Guesser said: What are its physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has blades.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
woofer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Speaker.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a physical form.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a speaker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
yacht,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What category of object does this belong to?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.	