abacus,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To perform calculations.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can you describe the range of sizes the object can be?	Oracle said: The object can be various sizes.	Guesser said: What materials can the object be made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide rule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: It does not have a power source.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary method of interacting with a user?	Oracle said: Manipulation.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for repeated  rapid calculations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's value in terms of cost?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a counting frame (abacus)?	Oracle said: Correct.	
accordion,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve blowing air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a reed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an accordion?	Oracle said: Correct.	
album,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store audio recordings.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: The object's typical size and shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnetic tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reel of tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: Is the object sheet music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper with instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for now?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a player piano roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a modern invention?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a disc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio book on paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a song book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a machine to be used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To store music.	Guesser said: Does the object require a stylus to be played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a player piano roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical score?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to instruments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an old-fashioned paper record of music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wax cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to record music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pianola roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a music roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a phonograph record?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it related to a gramophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a songbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document of music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something to be read?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed musical score?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a music manuscript?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper used for music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of musical notation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record of music on paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper used in music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to play music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object played by a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano roll?	Oracle said: No.	
altar,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What kind of stone is it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious artifact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a church?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baptismal font?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the altar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
anchor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To secure a vessel to the seabed.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a chain or rope attached to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grappling hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the specific shape of the metal part?	Oracle said: It is not a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
anklet,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: On the leg.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to the leg? Is it small medium  or large?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: Is the object an anklet?	Oracle said: Correct	
anvil,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for shaping metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what context is this object typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used in a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a machine or a tool?	Oracle said: A tool.	Guesser said: Is the tool hand-held or stationary?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use heat in its function?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a forge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anvil?	Oracle said: Correct	
apron,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What material(s) is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used or interacted with?	Oracle said: It is worn to protect clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn directly on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment that is worn regularly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like pockets  straps  or closures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of closure does the object have?	Oracle said: It has ties.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an apron.	Oracle said: Correct.	
armchair,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood fabric  and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dining chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair an armchair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
armoire,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for both indoor and outdoor purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home or other dwelling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of items are commonly stored in this cabinet?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a bedside table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet typically used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a linen closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the cabinet have doors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store toys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet used to store things like blankets and sheets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a storage cabinet for a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cabinet an armoire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
armor,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or common shapes?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically move or stay stationary?	Oracle said: Stay stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building or part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a fortification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it body armor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
arms,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: Variable.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Bone muscle  skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a living being?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object called?	Oracle said: arms	Guesser said: Is the object a hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there usually two of these objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Do these objects move around?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are these objects used for holding things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are these objects connected to a torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are these objects used for locomotion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects used for support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects used for attacking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are these objects part of a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are these objects the arms?	Oracle said: Correct.	
artifact,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cave painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tombstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an inscription?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of markings are on the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific culture or historical period?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with ancient Egypt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Rosetta Stone fragment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarcophagus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hieroglyphic inscription?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used in the afterlife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopic jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amulet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of funerary equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a religious artifact?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ashcan,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a solid color or does it have markings?	Oracle said: Solid color.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a garbage can.	Oracle said: Correct.	
ashtray,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold ashes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass metal  or ceramic.	Guesser said: Can it be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cremation urn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish designed for a specific animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish designed for humans to eat from?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish used for serving food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a container for a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish used for collecting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish used to hold things that are hot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish used to hold ashes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish a receptacle for a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish part of a crematorium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish used in a ritual or ceremony?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish designed to be disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of a piece of lab equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of something that burns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of a smoker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of a candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of a barbecue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of an oil lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dish designed to catch something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dish a component of an ashtray?	Oracle said: Correct.	
asphalt,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for travel.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rectangular shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Variable.	Guesser said: What is the usual location of this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cobblestone path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gravestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paving stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a border?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of stairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaza?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or is it irregular?	Oracle said: Irregular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object in terms of its dimensions? Is it typically measured in inches  feet  or something else?	Oracle said: It is typically measured in feet.	Guesser said: Can the object be walked on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use beyond providing a surface for travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a flagstone patio.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for walking or is it used by vehicles?	Oracle said: It is used by vehicles.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a paved road.	Oracle said: Correct.	
awning,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shade.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: A building.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a large awning?	Oracle said: Correct.	
axe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a head.	Guesser said: What is the head made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an axe.	Oracle said: Correct.	
backboard,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for a ball to bounce off of.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any markings or lines on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a basketball court.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What sport is this object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Basketball.	Guesser said: Is the object a backboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
backpack,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be folded or collapsed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bag,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in various environments.	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cloth plastic  or leather.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal use  or for commercial/industrial use?	Oracle said: Typically used for personal use.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or designs that are common?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any straps or handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bagpipe,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Wood fabric  and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object blown into to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a didgeridoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have reeds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an oboe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bassoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a bagpipe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ball,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be played with.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rubber leather  or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically filled with air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What sport is the object used in?	Oracle said: Many sports.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball used in basketball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
balloon,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Rubber or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly have a valve or method for inflation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a life preserver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balloon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bandage,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a wound.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bandanna,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To protect or cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or general form?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials can the object be made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment like a coat or jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an accessory like a scarf or wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used to protect something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a sling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used to cover a baby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used in food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used to cover a wound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap for privacy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used for religious purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap part of a disguise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to carry something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect the wearer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a veil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect the wearer from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect something from the rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used to protect the wearer from the cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for a theatrical performance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to protect a person in combat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dust cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a protective covering for an object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blindfold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a burqa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used for modesty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloth used in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a towel?	Oracle said: No.	
banjo,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many strings does the object have?	Oracle said: It has strings.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have frets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an acoustic guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the object is round?	Oracle said: The head.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
banner,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is typically displayed on the object?	Oracle said: Text or images.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sign a banner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barbell,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a barbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
barbwire,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide security.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's common location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually visible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a padlock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object interact with light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect property?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bollard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security wire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a security wire.	Oracle said: Correct.	
baseboard,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wall.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a molding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the molding besides protecting the wall?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What part of the wall does the molding protect?	Oracle said: The wall.	Guesser said: Does the molding cover the base of the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a baseboard.	Oracle said: Correct	
basin,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a humidifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cistern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the bathroom?	Oracle said: For washing.	Guesser said: Is the object a wash basin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
basket,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of woven material.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally a container.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: What is a typical size for this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to humans? Is it usually carried worn  or used in a specific setting?	Oracle said: It is usually carried.	Guesser said: Is it intended for use by one person or many?	Oracle said: Many	Guesser said: Is it usually a natural or synthetic material?	Oracle said: Natural.	Guesser said: Is it most commonly used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bassinet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold a baby.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric wood  and metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Oval.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be carried by a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually soft to the touch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassinet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bath,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To clean oneself.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic porcelain  or acrylic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bathrobe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wear.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is not worn on a part of the body.	Guesser said: Can the object be considered a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the garment have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the garment have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically worn by men?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the garment designed to be worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically associated with formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically associated with outdoor activities or work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a long-sleeved undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the garment have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the garment have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a pullover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically associated with sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a Henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment typically made of a thick fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment designed to keep the wearer warm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the garment a flannel shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a Hawaiian shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a rugby shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a work shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a long sleeve polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment an overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the garment have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment pulled over the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a rain jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a smock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	
bathtub,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To bathe in.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
baton,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To direct or signal.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a distinct shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the common shapes or forms the object takes?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to signal for help?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to signal information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electrical circuits?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baton?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bayonet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be used for combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What materials is it primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the knife a common everyday object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife designed for throwing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the knife a bayonet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bead,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials can the object be made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of glass.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mass produced or handmade?	Oracle said: Typically mass produced.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent or opaque?	Oracle said: Opaque.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for holding something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use beyond decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object relate to sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind chime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird feeder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a functional purpose that relates to the outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light switch plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain rod finial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative drawer pull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that could be used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative tile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bottle stopper?	Oracle said: No.	
beaker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beanie,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in cold environments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object usually cover part of a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beanie?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bed,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is it typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is it a bed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bedding,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on top of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any significant thickness?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pattern or design on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust ruffle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coverlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made to be washed in a washing machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person sleeps on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a padded mattress protector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the person as they sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object considered lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a summer blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reversible blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used during the warmer months?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flannel sheet set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a down comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weighted blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reversible comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover the body while sleeping and not for insulation or decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	
bedpan,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To collect bodily waste.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a curved shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a hospital setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedpan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bedpost,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate height of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements or is it purely functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that connect to other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed post?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bell,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bench,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
beret,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a knitted hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the hat?	Oracle said: Round	Guesser said: Is the hat a beret?	Oracle said: Correct	
bib,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing from spills and stains.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular or semi-circular.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object worn by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn around the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: Correct	
bicycle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and rubber.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine or motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: on land	Guesser said: Is the object designed for personal use or for commercial/public use?	Oracle said: For personal use.	Guesser said: Is the object typically propelled by human power or other means?	Oracle said: Propelled by human power.	Guesser said: Is it a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bifocals,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To correct vision.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require any form of power to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object used on?	Oracle said: Face	Guesser said: Is the object worn or held?	Oracle said: Worn.	Guesser said: Are there multiple parts to the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object called glasses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is glasses.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bin,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  or wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g.  small enough to hold in your hand  large enough to sit in)	Oracle said: Large enough to sit in.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or can it be moved easily?	Oracle said: It can be moved easily.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage  transportation  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person  or can it accommodate multiple people?	Oracle said: It can accommodate multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object usually used for recreation  work  or a combination of both?	Oracle said: Work.	Guesser said: Is it typically used to store or transport people  goods  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shipping container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used in the construction of the object?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g.  small enough to hold in your hand  large enough to sit in)	Oracle said: Large enough to sit in.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or can it be moved easily?	Oracle said: It can be moved easily.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for storage  transportation  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person  or can it accommodate multiple people?	Oracle said: It can accommodate multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object usually used for recreation  work  or a combination of both?	Oracle said: Work.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to store or transport people  goods  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumpster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container on a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large metal crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in farming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for waste disposal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large industrial waste container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal bin for recycling?	Oracle said: Correct.	
binder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily transported?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: Correct	
binoculars,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To see things that are far away.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require any form of power to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of binoculars?	Oracle said: Correct.	
birdbath,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of stone.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Bowl-shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the largest size this object is typically found in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does this object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation or is it man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blackboard,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to everyday objects? For example  is it smaller than a breadbox  larger than a car  etc.?	Oracle said: It is larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials make up the object?	Oracle said: Wood  and slate.	Guesser said: Is the slate used for the writing surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the slate attached to the wood?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: Is the wood part of a frame that holds the slate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object stand on its own  or is it supported by something else?	Oracle said: Supported by something else.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blacktop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for vehicles and pedestrians to travel on.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt and aggregate.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
blanket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Cotton wool  or fleece.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blazer,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the upper body.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: Buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical colors of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be many colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leather jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flannel jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blazer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blindfold,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To block vision.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric opaque?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eye patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a person's head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the eyes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What activity or sport is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for activities.	Guesser said: Is the object used in fencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in paintball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in skydiving?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in rock climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for skiing or snowboarding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in welding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the eyes from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve any form of competition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the activity take place indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the eyes from wind or dust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blindfold used for a game?	Oracle said: Correct.	
blouse,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: What material is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat or jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the general characteristics of the fabric? (e.g. thick  thin  stretchy  etc.)	Oracle said: Thin.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: Buttons.	Guesser said: Does it cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a blouse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boa,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To constrict prey.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: Tropical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any appendages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material are the appendages made of?	Oracle said: I have no appendages.	Guesser said: I apologize I am still learning. Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reptile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a snake?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the snake a reticulated python?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the snake an anaconda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the snake a green tree python?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the snake a king cobra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the snake a boa constrictor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of propulsion?	Oracle said: It can be propelled by a motor.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land  in the water  or in the air?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cabin or enclosed space for people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for recreation or commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bobsleigh,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of propulsion?	Oracle said: Gravity.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and composite materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on a track?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the track elevated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cable car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monorail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel over water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object operates in?	Oracle said: Cold.	Guesser said: Is the object a train used for transporting people to a ski resort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the general public?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for industrial purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a funicular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people up a mountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people underground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chairlift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people over a short distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a ski resort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a T-bar lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope tow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magic carpet lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surface lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platter lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poma lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a conveyor lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carpet lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poma lift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an aerial tramway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an escalator for skiers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a cable system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move slowly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lift for tubing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object enclosed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel up and down a slope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated gondola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowcat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on a track?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small enclosed cabin for a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a people mover?	Oracle said: Yes.	
bodice,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps or attachments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for medical use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for arms or legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to enhance a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any padding or internal structure to provide support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume or outfit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a back brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a rigid fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodice?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bonnet,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bill or visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn by people when they are working?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn by people for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of environment is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: Indoor and outdoor.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the ears?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a balaclava?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the forehead?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleep mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for the eyes nose or mouth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neck gaiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a do-rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skullcap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
book,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To convey information.	Guesser said: How is the information conveyed?	Oracle said: Text.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookcase,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the office?	Oracle said: It is used for storage.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
booklet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To read.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper with information written on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the form used for taxes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a permission slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a survey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a ballot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a check?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form used at a doctor's office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a quiz?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a worksheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form used in school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form for ordering something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form for requesting something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form for recording information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the form for tracking something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sign-up sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form for keeping track of expenses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a questionnaire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form used to provide personal information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form used to track attendance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a checklist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form used in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of information is recorded on the form?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the form used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the form relate to hobbies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a schedule?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the form relate to finances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form related to education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the form relate to entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a list of instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form related to a specific event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form used to record the results of an experiment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form something you would use to learn something new?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the form a crossword puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the form a word search?	Oracle said: No.	
bookmark,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To mark a place in a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It is typically small and rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookmarker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark a place in a book.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bookshelf,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boomerang,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To return to the thrower.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a boomerang?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boot,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather rubber  or other materials.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces or straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bootie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the feet.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object footwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sneaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of shoe is it?	Oracle said: I am not a shoe.	Guesser said: My apologies. What part of the body does the object protect?	Oracle said: The foot.	Guesser said: What part of the foot does it primarily protect?	Oracle said: The foot.	Guesser said: Is it worn indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object closed-toe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of fabric is it made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a slip-on shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Mary Jane shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loafer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural fiber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a man-made fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a blend of materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sole made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ballet flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hiking shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a running shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a work boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a woven material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have any kind of strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe easy to put on and take off?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have a tongue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe considered casual?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a espadrille?	Oracle said: No.	
bootlace,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of a material.	Guesser said: Is the material the object is made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a string?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the string used for tying things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shoelace.	Oracle said: Correct.	
bottle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a test tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bow,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bowl,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some sort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: Opening.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure like a building or part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garden or yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bowtie,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn as an accessory.	Guesser said: What are the typical materials this object is made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes or forms this object takes?	Oracle said: It can be rectangular or have a butterfly shape.	Guesser said: What parts of the body is this object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Neck.	Guesser said: Is this object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object serve any practical purpose beyond being an accessory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a bow tie?	Oracle said: Correct.	
box,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cardboard.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for shipping things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bra,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To support the breasts.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the fabric?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bracelet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the arm.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display or any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bracelet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
braces,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To straighten teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object generally small or large?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used inside or outside of the mouth?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific tool or is it a generic item used in a specific way?	Oracle said: It is a generic item used in a specific way.	Guesser said: Is the object permanently fixed in place  or removable?	Oracle said: Removable.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece  or does it consist of multiple connected pieces?	Oracle said: Multiple connected pieces.	Guesser said: Is the object generally visible when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an orthodontic retainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to or interact with any other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single type of metal  or a combination?	Oracle said: A combination.	Guesser said: Is the object known for being easily bent or shaped?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally smooth  or does it have a textured surface?	Oracle said: Generally smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental brace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brassiere,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support the breasts.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of this object?	Oracle said: It has two cups.	Guesser said: Does this object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object typically worn by women or men?	Oracle said: Women	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bra.	Oracle said: Correct.	
breadboard,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To build and test electronic circuits.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metallic components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person or multiple people at once?	Oracle said: Typically used by a single person.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the object relative to when it was first created/invented? (e.g.  "very new"  "relatively old"  "ancient")	Oracle said: Relatively new	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a breadboard.	Oracle said: Correct.	
breadbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal wood  or plastic.	Guesser said: What shape is the object typically?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
breastplate,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shield. Am I right?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Rigid.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form such as a rectangle  circle  or other defined geometry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a large portion of the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breastplate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brick,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To build things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
briefcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
brochure,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: In what form does the object provide information?	Oracle said: Text and images.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use or setting?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a classroom setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly distributed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a multiple page document?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: Correct.	
broom,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used both indoors and outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood and bristles.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object usually used with?	Oracle said: Hands.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a broom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bucket,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is it commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from plastic or metal.	Guesser said: Is it usually portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Can the object move or is it stationary?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is it something you might find in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is it something that requires assembly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object interact with liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or covering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be filled with liquid  or to hold other items that interact with liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you might find in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for watering plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for use by animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found near a source of water  like a hose or a spigot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for storage of something other than water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that might be used to clean things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bugle,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the user to blow into it to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a French horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a euphonium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object generally held in front of the player or to the side?	Oracle said: In front of the player.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have valves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flugelhorn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object  in inches?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bell?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held with one or two hands?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's mouthpiece?	Oracle said: Cup-shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a marching band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bugle?	Oracle said: Correct	
bullhorn,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Amplifying sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or dials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkie-talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to amplify sound in a musical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for personal use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What setting is the object most commonly used in?	Oracle said: Public.	Guesser said: Is the object a public address system amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
burlap,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain or hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size range of the object from smallest to largest?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fiber.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object typically man-made or natural?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in a roll or sheet form?	Oracle said: Sheet.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wrapping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roll of toilet paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for wrapping?	Oracle said: Wrapping.	Guesser said: Is the object food wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object burlap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
button,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To fasten or secure something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or range of sizes?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Plastic metal  or fabric.	Guesser said: Can this object be used more than once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use some form of adhesive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a button?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cabinet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shapes make up the object?	Oracle said: Rectangles.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camisole,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper or lower body?	Oracle said: Upper.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the shoulders?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To aid in walking.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canister,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food or beverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to hold?	Oracle said: Liquid.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuel container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system or is it used on its own?	Oracle said: It is used on its own.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing chemicals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canister?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canoe,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many people does the object typically carry?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have oars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a rowboat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object significantly larger than a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape that is easily recognizable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wider than it is long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canopy,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have any rigid components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the rigid components made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the rigid components made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the rigid components made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location like a house or building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pop-up shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for temporary use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canteen,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for personal use or is it used for a larger purpose like industrial use?	Oracle said: Designed for personal use.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for hot or cold liquids?	Oracle said: Cold.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object insulated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object? (Small  medium  large)	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for alcoholic beverages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canteen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
canvas,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be painted on.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily folded or rolled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object thin or thick?	Oracle said: Thin.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cap,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric opaque?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a covering for the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swim cap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
capsule,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen or a marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable container for a drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube for caulk or sealant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a test tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a specific product like a cleaning solution or a cosmetic product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a straw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a film canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain a liquid for medical purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vial for medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a urine sample container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a science lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle used for an IV drip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicine dropper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the use of e-cigarettes or vapes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or labels on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  cylindrical container used to store pills?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-use pill container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold multiple pills?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for a specific type of pill or capsule?	Oracle said: Correct.	
carafe,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a narrow neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decanter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cardigan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What are some common colors of the object?	Oracle said: Common colors are black blue  and gray.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hospital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hotel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a public restroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a coat closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures  like buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of closure does it have?	Oracle said: Buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a padded overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duvet cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dressing gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the sleeves?	Oracle said: Varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	
carpet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home or a public space?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed the object correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
carpetbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper or other closure mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple fabric bag with handles used for carrying items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fabric gift bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large  open-topped fabric bag for carrying items  perhaps used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a laundry hamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beach bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a toy storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bulk bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a simple  rectangular fabric bag with handles  used for carrying items  and not typically used for groceries  laundry  or gifts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloth diaper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a book bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a market bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carry-on bag for an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulated grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a standard sheet of paper?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Is it a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	
carriage,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is typically larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary mode of movement?	Oracle said: It moves by being pulled.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on land water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood  metal  and leather.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people or cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cart,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically pulled by something or does it have its own power source?	Oracle said: Typically pulled by something.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cartwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To move.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To move.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of rubber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the wheel's primary use?	Oracle said: To move.	Guesser said: Is the wheel part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel part of a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of something used in a sport or recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a roller skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a carousel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a ferris wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a playground toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a rolling pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a toy car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a potter's wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of ceramic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a large toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel part of a structure used for amusement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a ride at an amusement park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a children's toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a carnival game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wheel interact with another wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel part of a mechanism that is pushed to move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship's wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a component of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a grindstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel a unicycle wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flywheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel part of a very large structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hamster wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a millstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roulette wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wheel used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wheel made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	
cashmere,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth and comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the object's size or dimensions.	Guesser said: In what environment is this object typically found or used?	Oracle said: It is typically used in a variety of environments.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fiber.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a specific shape? If so what is it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn or held by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earmuffs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for on the body?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for the head or arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn or used by an individual?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large piece of fabric that is draped over the body for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fastening mechanisms  such as buttons  zippers  or ties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric used for swaddling a baby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	
casket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a flat surface for a body to rest on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed for a human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
catalog,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: In what form does the object provide information?	Oracle said: Text.	Guesser said: Is the text displayed on a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the text on the object permanent or temporary?	Oracle said: Permanent	Guesser said: What is the material of the object?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a historical document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a page from a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of image does the object have?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the image help provide information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is mass produced?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trading card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a postage stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bank note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coupon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a label for a product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object packaging for a product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a postcard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of wrapping paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cauldron,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical volume the object can hold?	Oracle said: It can hold a large volume.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or mobile?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object a silo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cistern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round  metal container  used to store water  that is not a well  silo  or cistern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for drinking water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pot used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tagine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paella pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fondue pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roasting pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steamer pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan with a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal pot with a rounded bottom  used for cooking  typically found in a kitchen  that is not a wok  stockpot  saucepan  frying pan  dutch oven  tagine  paella pan  fondue pot  roasting pan  or steamer pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brazier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a double boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chafing dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couscoussier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marmite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pressure cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potjie pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cooking pot used for specific dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	
ceiling,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment is the object typically found or used?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of drywall.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling tile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cello,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sound hole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument that is held?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there more than six strings on the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bass guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be strummed or plucked?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How are the strings of the object activated?	Oracle said: By a bow or plucking.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cellophane,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To package or wrap things.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual shape?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: What is the most common material this object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does this object usually contain food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is usually clear or transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamshell container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pre-made single-serving container for a snack food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blister pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common item that this object often packages?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic container for produce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any form of closure  like a seal or a way to fold it closed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrapper for candy or gum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object  in comparison to a standard sheet of paper?	Oracle said: It is approximately the same size.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the preparation or serving of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plastic used for wrapping a sandwich or similar item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sandwich bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plastic film commonly used for wrapping food  such as a roll of cling wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for take-out food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll or sheet?	Oracle said: Roll.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic wrap used to wrap food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a clear  plastic sheet commonly used to wrap items for display or protection  like in a gift basket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it cellophane?	Oracle said: Correct	
cement,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To bind materials together.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical form or shape?	Oracle said: It can be in various forms including powder  paste  or solid blocks.	Guesser said: What is the object's origin?	Oracle said: Natural.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is used to bind?	Oracle said: Stone  sand  and gravel.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object cement?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chair,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood metal  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally considered to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Considering the materials and function  is the object typically found in a kitchen or dining area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dining chair.	Oracle said: Correct.	
chairlift,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object move on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used privately?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people underground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people over long distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people short distances?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for amusement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object primarily transport people within a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a special-purpose vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be operated by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have tracks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chairlift?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chalice,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal glass  or ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally cup-shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it generally small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hot or cold liquids?	Oracle said: Cold.	Guesser said: Is the object a goblet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a highball glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shot glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beer stein?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a restaurant or bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass for juice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an insulated cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a champagne flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for  specifically?	Oracle said: It is used for holding a liquid.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or purpose beyond simply holding liquid for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it related to personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a religious context?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalice?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chalkboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can you describe the range of sizes the object can be?	Oracle said: The object can be various sizes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and slate.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chandelier,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a neon sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the light it produces?	Oracle said: It does not produce light.	Guesser said: Does the object contain multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of light does it work with?	Oracle said: Electric.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a filament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a reflective surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the light be focused?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce visible light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the decorative light a string of lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lava lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative light a stained-glass lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fiber optic lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative light a Christmas ornament with a light in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neon sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disco ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang from the ceiling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chandelier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chariot,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than two wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object typically have?	Oracle said: Typically has more than one wheel.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for specifically?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport goods or people or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagecoach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily on paved roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buggy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for recreation or work?	Oracle said: Work.	Guesser said: Is the object used for moving heavy loads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a city?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horse-drawn taxi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover or roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object open-topped?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sulky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal or commercial transportation?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a suspension system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be pulled by a single horse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many horses typically pull the object?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: Is the object typically pulled by two horses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with leisure activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific geographical region?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the geographical region associated with the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for transportation in rural areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any specific historical period?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What historical period is associated with the object?	Oracle said: Ancient times.	Guesser said: Is the object a chariot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
checkerboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Square.	Guesser said: Is the object a board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the board used for chess?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the board used for checkers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a checkerboard.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cheeseboard,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container with a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breadboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object? (e.g. small  medium  large)	Oracle said: Medium	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden platter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden serving dish?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden serving dish a charcuterie board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any raised edges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden serving bowl with raised edges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden serving dish a wooden serving tray with raised edges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the depth of the raised edges?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the raised edges a significant part of the object's design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for dry foods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden serving dish for bread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden serving dish used to present cheese?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a cheese board?	Oracle said: Correct	
cheesecloth,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strain liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a usual shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used multiple times?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cheesecloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chessboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play a game.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Square.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in the game?	Oracle said: It is used in the game.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or features on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the markings on the surface of the object?	Oracle said: The surface has markings of alternating colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a chessboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chinaware,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can come in many shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for while eating?	Oracle said: It is typically used for eating.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for containing a solid food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for containing a liquid food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a soup spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a small  shallow dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ramekin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sauce boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dish used for dipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a dining table?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a large container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a small container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a condiment dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a butter dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sugar bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vinegar cruet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a soy sauce dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coffee pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an oil cruet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a water jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a salt cellar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a small bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dish designed for a specific dipping sauce?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for milk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sauce cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a small serving dish for a sauce or dressing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative dish used for a special occasion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	
chopstick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chute,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To move things.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to move heavy objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of machine is it a part of?	Oracle said: I am not a part of a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a transportation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a conveyor belt system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to doors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to elevators?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitting?	Oracle said: No.	
cleaver,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: It is used to cut.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cutting edge straight or curved?	Oracle said: Straight.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: It is relatively thick.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaver?	Oracle said: Correct	
clipboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To hold papers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object in relation to a standard piece of paper?	Oracle said: Approximately the same size.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clipboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cloak,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn on the upper body lower body  or feet?	Oracle said: Upper body.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it outerwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it designed for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is it typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it primarily used for sports or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it formal wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bolero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the garment?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Does it have any openings for the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric lightweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it primarily decorative  or is it for warmth/coverage?	Oracle said: For warmth/coverage.	Guesser said: Is it a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloak?	Oracle said: Correct.	
clock,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have a stand or mounting of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a clock.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cloth,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb or wipe up liquids or to clean surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fibers.	Guesser said: What are the fibers made of?	Oracle said: It is made of natural or synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: Does the object come in various sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle or any other component besides the absorbent material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically disposable or reusable?	Oracle said: Reusable.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
clothesline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hang clothes on.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of rope or wire.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
coat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: This object is commonly found in outdoor environments.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are the typical colors of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans directly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cobblestone,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used in construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's color or range of colors?	Oracle said: Gray.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pebble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of larger structure is the object part of?	Oracle said: It is not part of a larger structure.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock used as a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object granite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of limestone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used as a decorative element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building stone used for facing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative stone used in landscaping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a river rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boulder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crushed stone used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone used as a border in landscaping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative stone used in a garden bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone used to create a dry creek bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stepping stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative stone used in water features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stone used for paving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cobblestone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
coffeepot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To make coffee.	Guesser said: What material is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal the object is made of a specific type of metal like stainless steel or aluminum?	Oracle said: I am not made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the shape?	Oracle said: It is typically cylindrical with a handle and a spout.	Guesser said: Is the object a water boiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee percolator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a commercial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a French press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object  roughly?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a filter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drip coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use pods or capsules?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve grinding coffee beans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would typically find in a home kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Moka pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object brew coffee under pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee grinder with an electrical component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object heat water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a visible water reservoir?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the water reservoir made of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric percolator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object automatically shut off after brewing?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a combination coffee maker and grinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee urn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pour over coffee maker with an electrical heating element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any additional equipment to function  besides coffee and water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What additional equipment is required?	Oracle said: None.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-serve coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve paper filters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an espresso machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stovetop espresso maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee machine with a built-in timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a warming plate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial-style coffee machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple electric coffee maker with a warming plate and a filter basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object brew directly into a thermal carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a reusable filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a permanent filter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a separate water reservoir and a brewing chamber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pour-over coffee maker with an electric heating element and a warming plate?	Oracle said: No.	
coffin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a dead body.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for display or is it primarily for storage?	Oracle said: Primarily for storage.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in religious ceremonies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person  or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home  or a more specialized location?	Oracle said: A more specialized location.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coffin.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cogwheel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To transfer rotational motion.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials can the object be made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a larger machine  or can it function independently?	Oracle said: Part of a larger machine.	Guesser said: What kind of machine is it most commonly found in?	Oracle said: It is most commonly found in machines.	Guesser said: Is the gear a small part of the machine or a large part of the machine?	Oracle said: It is a small part of the machine.	Guesser said: Is the machine commonly found in vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine commonly found in industrial settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear used to transfer a large amount of power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine related to timekeeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine related to manufacturing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a precision instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to move materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used for assembling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used for packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine involved in the process of forming objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to control the movement of something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to control the speed of a process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used in electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine involved in printing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine involved in mixing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to precisely position something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the machine have a long lifespan?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to process food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to make or repair other machines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine related to the application of force?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine used in the automotive industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine commonly found in factories?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gear part of a machine that uses power tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used in heavy industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine involved in the control of other machines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used in the production of consumer goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used for assembly of other machines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to produce electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine related to moving things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to lift objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to move small parts in an automated process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine involved in the making of textiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine a part of something that sorts objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine involved in the distribution of materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine part of a process where one part of a machine is controlled by another part of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the machine make something that is sold to consumers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to automate a process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the machine require regular maintenance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine used to transmit motion to a distant point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine part of a control system?	Oracle said: No.	
collage,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display art.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scroll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the art two dimensional or three dimensional?	Oracle said: Two dimensional.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object framed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external support to be displayed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of support does the object require to be displayed?	Oracle said: It can be displayed on a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of artwork used for promotional purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper cut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collage?	Oracle said: Correct.	
collar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is it worn?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically circular or semi-circular.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of leather.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for holding something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hold?	Oracle said: It is used to hold.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar for an animal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
commode,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to urinate and defecate.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood plastic  or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object generally portable or fixed in place?	Oracle said: Fixed in place.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object usually contain water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to plumbing?	Oracle said: It is connected to plumbing.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: A bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location within the bathroom?	Oracle said: In the bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower stall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bidet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet stall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a composting toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to waste disposal?	Oracle said: It is used for waste disposal.	Guesser said: Is the object a septic tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waste bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material of the lid or cover?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a visible opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper pail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for human use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet with a wooden seat and lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hamper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the storage of items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the process of bathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain used feminine hygiene products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for use in a home or commercial setting?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to contain odors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden cabinet used for the storage of cleaning supplies  specifically related to bathroom functions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden toilet seat cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dedicated container for soiled bathroom linens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed primarily to contain waste?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it for solid or liquid waste?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a lidded wooden container used to store waste from human functions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for pet waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for medical waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compost bin that is located inside the house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  dedicated bin for used toilet paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container to dispose of sanitary products?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container made specifically of wood?	Oracle said: No.	
condom,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent pregnancy.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a condom?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cone,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from paper plastic  or metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for containing things.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure that people can stand on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific function?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a specific type of item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	
container,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can you describe the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be carried easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Correct.	
copier,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form or shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal  and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce an image?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
copybook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a physical or digital book?	Oracle said: physical	Guesser said: Is the book a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book used for?	Oracle said: It is used for writing.	Guesser said: Is the book a diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used to take notes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book used for art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the book's cover made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the book a pad of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have a specific purpose like a specific topic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the topic of the book?	Oracle said: It is not a book.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose  like a specific topic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for writing.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the document a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document an invoice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the document have any images on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document an essay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the document a printed page?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a report?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a manuscript?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the printed page?	Oracle said: To convey information.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a news article?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page an advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a sheet of instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the printed page a test?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a check?	Oracle said: No.	
corduroy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: It is not worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with or in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in relation to clothing?	Oracle said: It is used in clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece or is it made of multiple parts?	Oracle said: Single piece.	Guesser said: Is the object visible when the clothing is being worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to fasten or hold clothing together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object large or small?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a lining?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hem?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt loop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an eyelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a label?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pleat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a seam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cuff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tassel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a patch pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fabric covered button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative stitch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a snap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an applique?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stay stitch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bias tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of padding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a loop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gusset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a lining detail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a facing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a ruche?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an insert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pleating detail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative edging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a gathering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	
corkscrew,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To open bottles.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a spiral shape.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal the object is made of silver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal the object is made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal the object is made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corkscrew?	Oracle said: Correct.	
costume,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: How is it typically held in place on the body?	Oracle said: It is typically worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is it?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Can it be considered jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of chaps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of arm warmers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of leg warmers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a costume?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cot,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cushioned surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for other than sleeping?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
couch,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a chair.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sofa.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cowbell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bell.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cradle,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a bedroom?	Oracle said: To hold a baby.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedside table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box designed for holding something personal to a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold diapers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cradle?	Oracle said: Correct	
crate,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crayon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To draw.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crib,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place for a baby to sleep.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fabric components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a crib.	Oracle said: Correct.	
crossbar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To connect two points.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Rigid	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific tool or a general structural component?	Oracle said: a general structural component	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a natural environment a man-made environment  or both?	Oracle said: Man-made environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a large or small component of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to support weight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of rebar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a bar.	Guesser said: Is the bar cylindrical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bar rectangular in cross-section?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for support.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lintel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stud in a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a gate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail on a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vertical support on a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horizontal support on a gate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the gate latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate cross member?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence panel support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the track of a sliding gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence rail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal galvanized steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	
crossbeam,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support a load.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden beam.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use in construction?	Oracle said: To support weight.	Guesser said: What is the usual location of the object within a structure?	Oracle said: In a structure.	Guesser said: Is the object usually visible  or concealed within a wall or ceiling?	Oracle said: Concealed within a wall or ceiling.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stud.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object  roughly? (Give me width  height  and length in whatever units you like)	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinguishing features  like holes  notches  or special treatments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any connection to electrical wiring or plumbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any connection to the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a support for a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a rafter.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object angled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purlin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wall plate.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used horizontally?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sill plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object sit directly on the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object support the roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the structure of the roof  or does it simply support the roof covering?	Oracle said: Part of the structure of the roof.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the exterior walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located inside the structure  but not directly on the walls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support the rafters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a collar tie.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object act as a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ridge beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object run the entire length of the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural member?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object closer to the top or the bottom of the roof structure?	Oracle said: Top.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a look out.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object support the sheathing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the rafters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a purlin.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object run parallel to the ridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object run parallel to the eaves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support the roof covering?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hip rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valley rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cripple rafter?	Oracle said: No.	
crossbow,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a bow-shaped structure attached to a stock.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow and arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catapult?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crowbar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crowbar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
crutch,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide support for walking.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the moving parts for adjusting the height of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single point of contact with the ground or multiple points?	Oracle said: Multiple points.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people of all ages or primarily by the elderly or those with mobility issues?	Oracle said: Primarily by the elderly or those with mobility issues.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that someone would lean on while walking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crutch?	Oracle said: Correct	
cufflink,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten a shirt cuff.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: What are the most common shapes of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be round square  or rectangular.	Guesser said: How large is the object  approximately?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in pairs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cup,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic glass  or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g.  small  medium  large)	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a teacup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring cup?	Oracle said: Correct.	
curtain,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To block light.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object could be made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object within a room?	Oracle said: On a window.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a curtain.	Oracle said: Correct.	
cushion,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To provide comfort and support.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are the common materials used in the construction of this object?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials including fabric  foam  and stuffing.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a rigid or flexible structure?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Does the object often come in contact with a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pillow.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape  or is it more amorphous?	Oracle said: Has a defined shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used while sitting or lying down?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set of similar objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a mattress.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be placed on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually covered by another material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often found on furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cushion.	Oracle said: Correct.	
dagger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To inflict harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shard of glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function if any?	Oracle said: It can be used for self-defense.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pushpin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used on?	Oracle said: People	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothpick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be concealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a switchblade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's use in self-defense?	Oracle said: It can be used to inflict harm.	Guesser said: Is the object a straight razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stiletto?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sharpened pencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fish hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle used for acupuncture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dental probe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knitting needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ice pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a splinter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing pin?	Oracle said: No.	
dart,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be thrown.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game played on a field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game played on a court?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game played with a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What sport is the object used in?	Oracle said: Darts.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate length?	Oracle said: Less than a foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dashboard,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object display information using light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an LED display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of machine is the object a part of?	Oracle said: It is a part of a machine.	Guesser said: Is the machine a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an instrument panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a display on an appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a dishwasher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a clothes dryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a thermostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a smart home device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a control panel for an industrial machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance a gaming console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the appliance something found in a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the dashboard of a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
deadbolt,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To secure something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical size range of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier or structure of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to secure property?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a padlock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bolt part of a larger structure designed to secure property?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bolt part of a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bolt part of a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bolt part of a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door bolt.	Oracle said: Correct.	
decal,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To display information or decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimension?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Paper plastic  or vinyl.	Guesser said: Does the object need any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be temporary or permanent?	Oracle said: Temporary.	Guesser said: Is the object typically flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sticker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
deck,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play games.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used to record information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object folded or creased in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images or text on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the text or image related to a specific game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use when interacting with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What types of objects does the object interact with?	Oracle said: Cards.	Guesser said: Is it a score sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rule card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a placeholder card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a promotional item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it help with keeping track of gameplay?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a discard or draw pile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a trick-taking game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a marker for a trick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a score card used in a trick-taking game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it related to a suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to track the current trump suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reference card for suits?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cheat sheet for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for bidding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it mark the current round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it help with keeping track of the trick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it something used by the dealer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it help keep track of cards dealt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a discard pile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a card holder for the dealer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to display cards during play?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guide for card placement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it something the dealer uses to see the cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it to reveal the cards in a trick-taking game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a board to reveal cards that have been played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a card protector for the dealer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it something that helps keep cards hidden from other players?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a board of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dealer using the object to give instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used by the dealer to indicate the next player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it something the dealer uses to organize the game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a card separator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a paper divider used by the dealer to separate decks of cards?	Oracle said: Correct.	
denim,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the lower body.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Denim.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants jeans?	Oracle said: Correct.	
denture,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of this object?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape.	Guesser said: Does this object come in various sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object removable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a denture?	Oracle said: Correct.	
desk,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for work or activities.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
diamond,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of carbon.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What colors are the object typically?	Oracle said: Typically clear.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation or man-made?	Oracle said: Natural formation.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid solid  or gas?	Oracle said: Solid	Guesser said: Is it a mineral?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crystal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a diamond.	Oracle said: Correct.	
diaper,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's common color or range of colors?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: What is the object's size range in general terms (e.g.  small  medium  large)?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a facial tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dice,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To generate random numbers.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cube.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a die?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dildo,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Sexual gratification.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic glass  or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a sex toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dildo?	Oracle said: Correct.	
disc,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To store information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Disc.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the plastic clear or opaque?	Oracle said: Opaque.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floppy disk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD-ROM?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Blu-Ray disc?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dish,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic glass  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving dish?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishrag,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to clean?	Oracle said: It is typically used to clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the cloth absorbent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it come in various colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of rag like a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically used wet or dry?	Oracle said: Wet.	Guesser said: Is it used for cleaning a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for cleaning surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it often used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it called a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to wipe up spills?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning cloth for a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning cloth for counters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of cleaning cloth that is used on windows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning cloth for dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of cleaning cloth that is used on pots and pans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pot holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to wipe off food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dish towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dish sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an oven mitt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning cloth used for spills?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a kitchen sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of cleaning cloth  that is used in the sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cloth used to dry dishes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dish towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sponge cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bar mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kitchen sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dishcloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishtowel,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to clean?	Oracle said: It is typically used to clean.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean liquids solids  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object absorbent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or any other way to grip it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object square or rectangular?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a towel.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doll,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be played with.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Can the object change shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorjamb,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically visible when the door is closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the door itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move when the door is opened or closed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element or primarily functional?	Oracle said: Primarily functional.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door frame.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of hardware?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific type of hardware is it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long and thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to stop the door from moving beyond a certain point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object located at the bottom of the door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located at the top of the door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located on the side of the door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door stop.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to prevent the door from closing completely?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to the door frame on the side opposite the hinges?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play a role in keeping the door closed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trim piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of wood that stops the door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of wood that is attached to the door frame and stops the door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door jamb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorknocker,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create sound intentionally?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound it makes continuous or intermittent?	Oracle said: Intermittent.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a household?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doornail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: It is used in construction.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object galvanized?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roofing nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of aluminum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used to attach wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to attach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to attach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach non-wood materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in concrete construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used with drywall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in furniture construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for construction.	Guesser said: Is the object used with metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of a building's frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the nail made of?	Oracle said: I am not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger assembly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the assembly?	Oracle said: To fasten.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials does the object fasten?	Oracle said: The object does not fasten any materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used with masonry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have threads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach metal sheets together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to attach metal to wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in a specialized form of construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used for internal structural support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the nail used in the construction of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brad nail?	Oracle said: No.	
doorpost,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can this object be found both indoors and outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a support structure for something on the ground?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a deck support post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to support the roof of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object support a structure that is not a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of the framing of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sill plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a header?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an interior wall stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the subfloor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it directly support the walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in the construction of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of sheathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object come in different lengths?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of trim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a window trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it door trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it crown molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it baseboard trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it quarter round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used on the exterior of the house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it soffit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it fascia?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a porch railing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a window sill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it corner trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to support the roof overhang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of exterior trim that covers the seam between two different materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a corner board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of trim that is used to cover the seam between the siding and the window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of trim that is used to cover the seam between the siding and the door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of trim that covers the seam where the siding meets the roof?	Oracle said: No.	
doorstep,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a step up to a door.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a permanent fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a threshold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slab of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stone step.	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorstop,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent something from moving.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require another object to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object interact with a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorstop?	Oracle said: Correct	
drape,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object is used in?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object allow light to pass through it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object beyond covering?	Oracle said: To provide privacy.	Guesser said: Is the object a window shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something that is not a window or a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used to cover?	Oracle said: Windows.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackout curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a valance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for decoration with the covering aspect secondary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Roman shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the main color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What kind of pattern  if any  does the object have?	Oracle said: The object does not have a pattern.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple  solid-colored panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object thick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sheer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drape?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drawers,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dress,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is it worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Can it be worn on multiple parts of the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the part of the body it is worn on?	Oracle said: It can be large or small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: Correct	
dresser,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make sound.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and animal skin.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle or grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
drywall,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To create walls and ceilings.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Gypsum.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object?	Oracle said: It is used for interior walls and ceilings.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object drywall?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dumbbell,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To lift weights.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple shapes.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbbell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dustbin,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or mobile?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for residential or commercial use?	Oracle said: Residential.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
duvet,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it go on top of the bed or under the person?	Oracle said: On top of the bed.	Guesser said: Is it a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a throw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a duvet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
earplug,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or improve hearing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve any electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be inserted into the ear canal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are there any additional materials besides plastic used in its construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a custom-molded earplug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
earring,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To adorn.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many shapes.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an earring?	Oracle said: Correct.	
easel,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To support a canvas or artwork while the artist is painting or drawing.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does this object have adjustable parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painter's easel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
envelope,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object (e.g. small enough to hold in one hand  large enough to stand inside)?	Oracle said: Small enough to hold in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper envelope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eraser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To remove marks.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used on?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object an eraser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeglass,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or range of sizes?	Oracle said: The typical size is small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Plastic glass  and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require batteries or another power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in the hand or worn on the body?	Oracle said: Worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to correct a specific vision problem  or for general use?	Oracle said: Designed to correct a specific vision problem.	Guesser said: Are there multiple lenses involved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyeglasses,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are there multiple pieces of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct	
eyeliner,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply makeup.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What are the typical colors of the object?	Oracle said: Black brown  and other colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mascara wand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyeliner pencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
eyepiece,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To magnify an image.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope eyepiece?	Oracle said: Correct	
faceplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover or protect something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In a wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light switch cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a electrical outlet cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the panel a decorative panel?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose within the wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide access to something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel for plumbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel for electrical wiring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel for HVAC?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the building's structure or is it something added later?	Oracle said: Something added later.	Guesser said: Is the object a removable panel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an inspection panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover something that needs occasional access?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel for accessing something like a fuse box or other electrical components but not the main wiring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel to a crawl space or attic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel to access a shut off valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for concealing something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative panel that hides something like wires or pipes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trim panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel for a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an access panel for a home automation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseboard heater cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a cable access point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be seen  or is its primary purpose to be hidden?	Oracle said: Meant to be seen.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative panel that provides access to something functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel that hides a medicine cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a built-in entertainment center?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a closet system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wainscoting panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a soundproofing system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for a built in storage area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative access panel for a specific piece of equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wall-mounted desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panel for a recessed shelf?	Oracle said: No.	
fan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To move air.	Guesser said: In what context is the object used to move air?	Oracle said: Indoors and outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
featherbed,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Feathers.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can a human fully lay on this object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a futon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a down comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other specific uses besides sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be used as a single item or does it work in conjunction with another object to provide comfort?	Oracle said: In conjunction with another object.	Guesser said: Is it a mattress topper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fabric covering it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a feather bed?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fedora,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Head	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wool hat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the style or specific type of hat?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wool fedora.	Oracle said: Correct.	
feedbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is usually rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be reused?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lunch bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be folded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper or other closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual environment where the object is used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used for picnics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a sporting event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at a campsite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used at the beach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying items for a specific hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth napkin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable food wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drop cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other purpose does the object serve besides holding food?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily cleaned?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object absorb liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object keep food warm or cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth used to cover food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for an outdoor grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cover for outdoor furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent footprint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect something from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	
fiddle,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the sound box?	Oracle said: Oval.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object held upright when played?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held when played?	Oracle said: It is typically held under the chin and supported by the shoulder.	Guesser said: Is the object a viola?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fiddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
figurine,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's size or typical dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What colors is the object commonly found in?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in many colors.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical use beyond decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
filter,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To remove impurities or unwanted substances.	Guesser said: What form does the object typically take?	Oracle said: It can take many forms.	Guesser said: Can you describe the environment where this object is typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used in an environment where there is a need to remove unwanted particles or substances.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a liquid environment a gaseous environment  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid  a liquid  or a gas?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of this object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does this object have a specific shape or is it amorphous?	Oracle said: It has a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the human body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently replaced or is it designed for long-term use?	Oracle said: Frequently replaced.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary method of removing impurities?	Oracle said: Filtration.	Guesser said: Is the object a filter for air?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fishhook,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is it handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the larger tool used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fishing hook.	Oracle said: Correct.	
fishnet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: String.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a net.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object most commonly used to catch?	Oracle said: Fish.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch flying things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a frame or support structure to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch insects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that could be found in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a very specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch small objects or debris in a liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch something valuable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by scientists or researchers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a recreational activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch something in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a person to catch something for their own use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch something that falls from a height?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a system to catch or collect rainwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a system used to catch or collect water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch sand or other small particles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the removal of trash or waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in hunting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch small animals like rabbits?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a marine environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch something that lives in the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch something that is considered a resource?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch sea creatures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect or capture something on the seabed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch crabs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by divers or people in the water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the harvesting of a resource?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to harvesting kelp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to harvesting pearls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to collecting sponges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floating trap used to catch lobsters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of dredge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch sea turtles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in commercial fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drift net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch shellfish?	Oracle said: No.	
flag,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To represent something.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a rectangular shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: Correct	
flagpole,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flagstone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a flat stable surface.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a paving stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a paving stone.	Oracle said: Correct.	
flask,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a lab setting?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Is it a graduated cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a flask?	Oracle said: Correct.	
floor,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for walking or standing.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood tile  or concrete.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What size is the object  in general?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flowerpot,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold plants.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a cylinder.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object glazed or unglazed?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used alone or with other objects?	Oracle said: With other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a terracotta pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other objects is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Soil.	Guesser said: Is the object porous?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flute,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific type of musical instrument?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Does the instrument require breath to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the instrument a flute?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flyswatter,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To kill insects.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is of a moderate size.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object battery-powered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fly swatter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flytrap,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plant matter.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: How is the object used to catch things?	Oracle said: It closes on things.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Venus Flytrap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
folder,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be sealed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any writing on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single sheet of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footboard,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to support?	Oracle said: A bed.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bunkie board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wood visible on the surface of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object approximately?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be a permanent part of a structure  like a house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wood treated or unfinished?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard that sits directly on the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bed slat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative in nature?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be hidden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of furniture other than a bed component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of the support structure of a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden foundation for a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden frame that a mattress sits on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame made entirely of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of bed that is made entirely out of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid wooden platform on which a mattress rests?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden bed foundation.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object made up of individual wooden slats?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plywood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object assembled from multiple pieces of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for aesthetics or functionality?	Oracle said: Functionality.	Guesser said: Is the wood the primary material used to make the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically covered in fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose other than supporting a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wood form the entire structural component of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden part of the object the primary structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wood a major component of the object  but not the only material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object contain metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bed that is used for structural support?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be seen  or is it typically hidden?	Oracle said: Designed to be seen.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bed that is typically purchased separately from the mattress and frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wooden footboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
footlocker,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Storage.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. small enough to hold in your hand  large enough to walk inside  etc.)	Oracle said: Large enough to hold many items.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal or commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: What specific items are typically stored in the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object often moved or kept in one place?	Oracle said: Often moved.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to store clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store items that are considered valuable or fragile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often locked?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strongbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hope chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for long-term storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a footlocker?	Oracle said: Correct	
footplate,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a stable base or platform.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment or location?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of any kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of larger machine or device is the object a part of?	Oracle said: It is not a part of a larger machine or device.	Guesser said: Does the object require any power to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a support beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a base for something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the base designed to hold up a display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple metal plate used as a base?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the base part of something that is designed to be easily moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate designed to be attached to a wall or the floor?	Oracle said: The plate is designed to be attached to the floor.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a machine that you would find in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a piece of industrial equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a large piece of industrial equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate designed to be a base for a smaller piece of industrial equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the smaller piece of industrial equipment bolted to the plate?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the plate used to mount a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate used in the food industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of any kind of measuring device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a robotic arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the base part of a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate a base for a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseplate for a machine component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a production machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a conveyor system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plate part of a support structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the support structure designed to hold up a piece of machinery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this a base plate for a machine that is used to sort objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a base plate for a machine that is used to package objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine this plate is a part of used in the manufacturing industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the machine this plate is a part of used for cutting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the machine this plate is a part of used for drilling?	Oracle said: No.	
footrest,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To support the feet.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person at a time  or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person at a time.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back or a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be sat on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat top surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a step stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a footrest?	Oracle said: Correct	
footstool,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to rest one's feet.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood fabric  or leather.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stool.	Oracle said: Correct.	
forceps,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To grasp or hold objects.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used for woodworking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold things together in a permanent way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used in a factory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clamp a surgical clamp?	Oracle said: I am not a surgical clamp.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold something together while it heals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clamp a clothespin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp a binder clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used for holding a bandage in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used on a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hemostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp a tool used to stop bleeding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold broken bones together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used in dentistry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an IV stand clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used on skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used on an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold tubing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold wires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used in a laboratory setting for something other than medical use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp part of a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold a medical device in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp used in an MRI machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp part of a dialysis machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp part of a ventilator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold a catheter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp a tool used to hold something during surgery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a retractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hemostat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the clamp used to hold skin during surgery?	Oracle said: Yes.	
fork,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by an individual or shared by a group?	Oracle said: Typically used by an individual.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: Correct.	
futon,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide seating and sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric and wood.	Guesser said: Does this object usually have a back or supportive structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a bed or a sofa?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple functions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gargoyle,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide decoration and drainage.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be found indoors outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made from?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a garden gnome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a bird bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the sculpture have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a decorative drain cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sculpture a gargoyle?	Oracle said: Correct	
garter,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: Is the band flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose relating to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band used to hold up clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object elastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter belt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gauze,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb fluids and protect wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cotton ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitary pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gauze?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gavel,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To call a meeting to order.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sphere?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long and thin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the function of the moving parts?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are there any other materials besides wood used to make the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a gavel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
glasses,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what context would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Typically on a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to correct vision problems?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dimensions of the object relatively small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
goalpost,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark the scoring area in a game.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport played on a field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a goalpost?	Oracle said: Correct.	
goblet,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be sealed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of drinking glass is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of drinking glass.	Guesser said: Is it a wine glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pint glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a highball glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rocks glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shot glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tumbler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a water glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a champagne flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cordial glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mason jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical volume the object holds?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative glass for serving a specific drink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hurricane glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a margarita glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coupe glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pilsner glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a snifter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Collins glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Irish coffee glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a parfait glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sundae glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a brandy glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tulip glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a daiquiri glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cordial glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Highball glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Rocks glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the opening? Is it wide narrow  or something else?	Oracle said: Wide.	Guesser said: Is the object a trifle bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a stem?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a stemmed cocktail glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stemmed dessert glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a goblet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
goggles,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have lenses?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the lenses transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety goggle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clear safety goggles?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gondola,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle that travels on land?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel in the air?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel in space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stationary structure used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people or goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the environment in which the object facilitates transportation?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine or other propulsion system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object propelled or moved?	Oracle said: It is propelled by a person.	Guesser said: Does the object have sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have oars or paddles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a short-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the garment?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily put on and taken off?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coverall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolero jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a polo shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	
grater,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To prepare food.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for heating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a spatula.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the utensil used for cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for mixing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a can opener.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for chopping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a cutting board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle that extends the length of the blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to peel things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pizza cutter.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a circular blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple blades?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of kitchen shears.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to open packages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to mince food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to seafood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: Correct	
grout,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To fill gaps.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: It is typically a solid.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Cement.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a building material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object grout?	Oracle said: Correct.	
guitar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gunnysack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What materials is it commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from cloth.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: How large is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by a single person.	Guesser said: Is the object usually for personal use or commercial use?	Oracle said: Commercial use.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with food service?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have handles or straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to carry money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry packages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a laundry bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable grocery bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a burlap sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a garment bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mail sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a produce bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a storage bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a stuff sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a reusable storage bag for groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to carry heavy items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a large bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sack used to carry grain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a feed sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fertilizer sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a seed sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sandbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coal sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a potato sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bean bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rice sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flour sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shipping sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	
gurney,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: How many people can it transport?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual mode of propulsion?	Oracle said: It does not have a usual mode of propulsion.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fabric.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily by a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work leisure  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something one would sit on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a massage table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a ride at an amusement park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger system?	Oracle said: I am not a system.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a transportation system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of an airport transportation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined track or path it follows?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a luggage cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hospital gurney?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hacksaw,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What materials is it commonly used to cut?	Oracle said: Metal wood  and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the range of sizes the object comes in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand or with a machine?	Oracle said: By hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw a hand saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw a hacksaw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairbrush,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To groom hair.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Plastic wood  and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairnet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from nylon or other synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ridges or teeth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually used by adults or children?	Oracle said: Adults.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairnet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairpiece,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object alive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object protect anything?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides covering the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toupee?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hairpin,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  or wood.	Guesser said: What shapes is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a straight shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into direct contact with the scalp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp points?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bobby pin.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to secure long or short hair?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hair stick.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece  or does it come in a set?	Oracle said: A single piece.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for a specific hairstyle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What hairstyle is the object commonly used for?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for formal occasions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object frequently visible when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a barrette.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a clasp or mechanism to hold the hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape that helps it hold hair in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve weaving or braiding hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hair clip.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object require any additional tools for use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a curved or straight shape?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object often adorned with jewels or other decorative items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a claw clip.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object rely on friction to stay in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any teeth or grips?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a single piece of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used on the entire head of hair or a portion?	Oracle said: A portion.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hair comb.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific orientation when placed in the hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hair pin with a decorative element.	Oracle said: Correct.	
handbag,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Leather fabric  and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object  generally?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object most often used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handcart,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a person to pull or push it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand cart?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handlebar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To steer.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the steering mechanism but not the wheel itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering knuckle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitman arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object move when the steering wheel is turned?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the steering gearbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object located in the front of the vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the wheel or hub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a control arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the suspension system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a torsion bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object rotate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering damper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stabilizer bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the steering column?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the steering column itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component that connects the steering column to the steering gearbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the steering system that limits the steering range?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the steering system that helps absorb vibrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electrical components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drag link?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering shaft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's exact location in the vehicle?	Oracle said: Front	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bushing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steering arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the steering column bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a U-joint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the suspension system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the power steering system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shock absorber?	Oracle said: No.	
handsaw,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cutting part of the object straight or curved?	Oracle said: Straight	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the saw a hand saw or a power saw?	Oracle said: It is a hand saw.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hand saw.	Oracle said: Correct.	
hanky,3,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To wipe something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to wipe?	Oracle said: A hanky is typically used to wipe.	Guesser said: Is the object a hanky?	Oracle said: Correct	
harmonica,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in the hand when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a specific note or range of notes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use air to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: Correct	
harp,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
harpoon,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hunt.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting animals or people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for throwing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boomerang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tomahawk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blowgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve a projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the projectile?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
harpsichord,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What part of the instrument is used to make the music?	Oracle said: Keys	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hatbox,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cardboard.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily carried by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a home environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for documents or files?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat box?	Oracle said: Correct	
hatchet,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple shapes.	Guesser said: What are some of the shapes the object has?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be used with one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of tool is the object?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a different tool to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other tools can be used with the object?	Oracle said: Saw.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a froe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hitting it with another object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a splitting maul?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wedge shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a splitting wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headband,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something in place.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to hold up other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: Is the band flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any uses related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object go around a limb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to keep clothing in place?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold back hair during sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What colors are associated with this object?	Oracle said: There are no colors associated with this object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is this object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the hat used for?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What kind of clothing is the hat usually associated with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the hat a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a top hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a traditional type of hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have ear coverings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cap made for a particular type of work or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat related to religious practice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat something that is commonly sold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat intended for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the hat an ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a peak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a snood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a durag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a cloche hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat stretch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the name of the material the hat is made from?	Oracle said: I am not a hat.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hair accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a barrette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scrunchie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a headband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it hairspray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a comb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a fascinator?	Oracle said: No.	
helmet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a curved shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a strap or other means of securing it to the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
highchair,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a safe and comfortable place for a baby or toddler to sit while eating.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Wood and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the main features of the moving parts?	Oracle said: It does not have any moving parts.	Guesser said: I apologize. Does the object have any adjustable parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is adjustable on the object?	Oracle said: The height is adjustable.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tray?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tray removable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a high chair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
highlighter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark text.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a highlighter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hinge,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow movement.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the human body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a mechanical system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: Correct	
hoe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To till soil.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by hand or with a machine?	Oracle said: By hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a shovel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
holster,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather nylon  or Kydex.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What would be the typical size range for this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object hold something for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a holster?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hoopskirt,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To shape a skirt.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support structure of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Circular.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a petticoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crinoline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
horn,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of keratin.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where is this larger object typically found?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: Is the object a claw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a horn?	Oracle said: Correct.	
horseshoe,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: It is primarily used for protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what contexts or environments is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: On a horse's hoof.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a natural material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made from iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a horseshoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hose,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport liquids or gases.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or scale of the object?	Oracle said: It can vary in size.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Rubber plastic  or fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flexible structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hourglass,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use sand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandglass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
housecoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is this object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is it?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where on the body is it worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the head arms  torso  legs  or feet?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt  jacket  or coat?	Oracle said: Coat.	Guesser said: Is it a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of coat  like a raincoat or blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the coat?	Oracle said: It is not a coat.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am confused. You said the object is clothing  worn on the torso. What other type of clothing is worn on the torso besides a coat  shirt  dress  or skirt? Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am really having trouble. Let me go back. You said it is clothing  worn on the torso. It is not a coat  shirt  dress  skirt  vest  underwear  or bra. Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces of fabric sewn together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a type of cloth that is wrapped around the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf that wraps around the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bandeau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belly warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a body warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am stumped. Let me review. It is clothing  worn on the torso  made of fabric  that does not have a distinct shape. It is a wrap and used for warmth  but not a shawl  poncho  cloak  sash  cummerbund  tunic  bandeau  belly warmer  wrap top  or cardigan. Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bolero jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	
housetop,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a triangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of dwelling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dwelling intended for human habitation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a structure built for a single person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a type of building associated with recreation or temporary stays?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dwelling associated with cold climates or snowy environments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dwelling a type of house?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hubcap,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover and protect the wheel of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid disc?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hubcap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
icebox,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some sort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a breadbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box airtight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a container for ingredients in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a cookie jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store grains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a spice rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a food storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used in a professional kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing leftovers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing dry goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box require any preparation before use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box come in a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a Tupperware container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a metal food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing items in a pantry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a decorative food storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a cake keeper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have a locking mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box square or rectangular?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the box a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing flat items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a casserole dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a breadbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a storage container for a picnic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box designed to keep food warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box specifically for storing a specific type of food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the box have any unique features that would help it store food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the box have any insulation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store ice cream?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used to store frozen food?	Oracle said: Yes.	
icepick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To pierce or puncture something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use case?	Oracle said: To make holes in ice.	Guesser said: I think the object is an ice pick. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
inkwell,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold ink.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a component of something larger?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a printing press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific opening for ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have any parts that are not glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material are the other parts made of?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the other parts.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cap or lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the cap or lid made of?	Oracle said: It does not have a cap or lid.	Guesser said: Is the object a reservoir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a fountain pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dispense ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bottle for dipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an inkwell?	Oracle said: Correct	
jacket,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Leather cotton  wool.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a distinct shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jewel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as an adornment.	Guesser said: What material(s) is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of a material that is not a metal.	Guesser said: What are the typical colors of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What are some of the common shapes of the object?	Oracle said: It can be round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in nature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gemstone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pearl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone typically translucent or opaque?	Oracle said: Translucent.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone typically found in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone typically cut or polished?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an amber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical hardness of the gemstone on the Mohs scale?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone often used in rings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a sapphire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an emerald?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a ruby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a topaz?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an amethyst?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an aquamarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a garnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a tourmaline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone an opal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a citrine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a zircon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a peridot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a diamond?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a tanzanite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a jade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a quartz?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a kunzite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a moonstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a sunstone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a alexandrite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a spinel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a cat's eye?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a chrysoberyl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a zircon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a malachite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a lapis lazuli?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a turquoise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a rhodonite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a sugilite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone a howlite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any inclusions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone typically faceted?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the gemstone commonly heat treated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object known for having a high refractive index?	Oracle said: Yes.	
jigsaw,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To assemble something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used for joining pieces of wood together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used to hold things together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in the construction of buildings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool used in crafts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object create a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a jig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to assemble?	Oracle said: Pieces.	Guesser said: Is it used to assemble puzzles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle sorter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray for assembling a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an interlocking wooden puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand for assembling puzzles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden tray designed for holding puzzle pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden container designed to hold puzzle pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden form used to hold puzzle pieces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden template?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the markings on the object used for measurement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the markings on the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the markings?	Oracle said: To help assemble the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of a puzzle with markings to help assemble?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden puzzle piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden base with markings for assembling a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stencil used to make the pieces of a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sheet with a pattern on it that you assemble into a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden guide for assembling a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame for a puzzle with markings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jigsaw puzzle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jug,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass plastic  or ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for storing liquids for a prolonged period?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically a rounded shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a carafe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the opening like? Is it wide or narrow?	Oracle said: Narrow.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canteen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oil bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a perfume bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laboratory flask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decanter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watering can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the spout on the top  or is it on the side?	Oracle said: On the side.	Guesser said: Is the object a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an inkwell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle with a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sauce boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small jug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jumpsuit,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What part of the body is this object worn on?	Oracle said: The entire body.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific activity or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants and a shirt connected?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kayak,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be propelled by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be carried by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a kayak?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kazoo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and paper.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to produce music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kazoo?	Oracle said: Correct	
kerchief,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be square.	Guesser said: Can it be used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the eyes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective properties?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to protect someone from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any straps or fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a baby swaddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap designed for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a medical bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a decorative item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap something you would find at a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of religious clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wrap used to hide something?	Oracle said: No.	
kettle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it connected to any other appliances or systems?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kettle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
kettledrum,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Bowl-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a singing bowl.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is a common method of activating the object to produce sound?	Oracle said: It is struck.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a usual color.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific religious or cultural context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a drum kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a brass band instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a chime set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a steelpan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is *primarily* made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made of brass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of bronze?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl-shaped instrument that is part of a set made of bronze  and is struck to produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a set of bronze bowls used as a musical instrument.	Oracle said: Correct.	
key,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To open something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to open containers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: Correct	
keyhole,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To allow something to be opened or closed.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or a similar gripping mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. tiny  small  medium  large  very large)	Oracle said: Tiny	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require force to open or close?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically involve a rotating motion to open or close?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve a sliding motion to open or close?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple hook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically come in pairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object attached to?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: What kind of door is the object attached to? (e.g.  a house door  a car door  a cabinet door  etc.)	Oracle said: I am not attached to a door.	Guesser said: Is the object attached to a door frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a strike plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spring mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with another object to open or close a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the mechanism that keeps a door closed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a locking mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a deadbolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a doorknob?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the internal mechanism of a doorknob that interacts with a strike plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an escutcheon plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the actual doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumb turn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the part of the doorknob that is pushed to open the door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spindle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	
kilt,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is this object worn?	Oracle said: On the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garment or something else?	Oracle said: garment	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined opening or is it closed?	Oracle said: Closed.	Guesser said: Is the object a legging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube-shaped garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover one leg or both legs?	Oracle said: Neither.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gaiter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover any part of the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an arm warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leg warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn over existing clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific opening for a body part like a hand or foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube of wool worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use by one gender more than another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by a male?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long johns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a school uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a military uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceremonial garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kilt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
knapsack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by a single person.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be disposable or is it meant to be used repeatedly?	Oracle said: meant to be used repeatedly	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to carry small objects  large objects  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reusable shopping bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object when it is not in use?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or pattern on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for carrying items for personal use  professional use  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: I guess the object is a backpack.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object when empty?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a structured shape  or does it collapse easily?	Oracle said: It collapses easily.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening at the top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the straps designed to be held in the hand  or worn on the body?	Oracle said: Worn on the body.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reusable grocery bag with shoulder straps.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Are the straps adjustable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to carry items of a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures besides the straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be folded or rolled up for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a fabric tote bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Are the straps made of the same material as the rest of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the straps permanently attached to the object  or are they detachable?	Oracle said: Permanently attached.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used to carry items that are heavy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sling bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to conform to the body when it is worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container  such as a bag or a pouch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a opening at the top  or a side?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reusable produce bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond carrying things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through  or opaque?	Oracle said: Opaque.	Guesser said: I am going to guess a duffel bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure to keep the contents inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of closure does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have a closure.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reinforced areas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be held close to the body while it is being carried?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reusable shopping tote bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct opening or a more general access point?	Oracle said: A distinct opening.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flap  or a fold over opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am going to guess a reusable shopping bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the opening at the top of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object meant for casual or formal use?	Oracle said: Casual.	
knickers,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the lower body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What specific shape does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of sweatpants.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically considered formal or informal wear?	Oracle said: Informal wear.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures (zippers  buttons  etc.)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object long or short?	Oracle said: Short	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn during exercise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made from a single piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of boxer shorts.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn under clothing or over clothing?	Oracle said: Under clothing	Guesser said: Is the object form fitting?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Does the object provide any compression?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any built-in support features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for warmth  modesty  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of briefs.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object usually made of a stretchy fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific gender association?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps that go over the shoulders?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered lingerie?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the breasts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a thong.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements  such as lace or ribbons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a significant portion of the buttocks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object considered shapewear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a delicate fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a low-rise  lacy brief.	Oracle said: Correct.	
knife,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
knuckles,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a striking surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Bone.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger whole?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tooth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found inside the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the skeletal system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small bone in the ear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small bone in the hand or foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a finger bone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a finger bone.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of the hand or foot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toe bone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the finger bone are we talking about?	Oracle said: The knuckles.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a knuckle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
lace,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten or secure something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of thread.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily concealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used with?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for temporary fastening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of action is required to use the object?	Oracle said: Tying.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thread used in sewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is thread.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object require any special tools to be used with clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a continuous form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in any craft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing machine thread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a piece of thread used for sewing.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of knot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a fastener that is tied to clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a temporary fastening device used in clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to repair clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an item used to hold up clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to tie a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawstring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the original garment or added later?	Oracle said: Added later.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of trim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object applied with glue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object applied with sewing?	Oracle said: Yes.	
lantern,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of light?	Oracle said: It uses a flame.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically placed on the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically hung?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a lantern.	Oracle said: Correct.	
lapel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold small personal items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing that is meant to be hidden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing worn on the head or face?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing used to keep someone warm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the upper body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Upper body.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that is meant to be seen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair accessory?	Oracle said: No.	
latch,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To secure something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other object to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the other object required for the object to function?	Oracle said: A door.	Guesser said: Is the object a door hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a latch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
leash,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To control an animal.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the animal's mouth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the animal's neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the animal's legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the animal's body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the animal's head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the animal's movement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of animal is this object used to control?	Oracle said: I am not an animal.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to anything on the animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the object attach to on the animal?	Oracle said: The neck.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lens,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To focus light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in terms of a common unit of measurement like centimeters or inches?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens from eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
leotard,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide close-fitting coverage for the torso and sometimes the legs and arms.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common colors or patterns associated with the object?	Oracle said: Solid colors and patterns.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by one person or used by multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically worn by one person.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like pockets buttons  or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered formal or informal wear?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: Correct	
lever,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply force.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to fasten things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to strike things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used on?	Oracle said: It is used on a machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of machine is the object used on?	Oracle said: It is used on a machine.	Guesser said: What is the environment where the object is typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used in a mechanical or industrial environment.	Guesser said: Is the object used to control the movement of parts of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: Correct.	
linen,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To cover a bed.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Linen.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fitted sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other uses besides covering a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object white?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coverlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dust ruffle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a linen protector?	Oracle said: Correct.	
linoleum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To cover floors.	Guesser said: What are some common materials used in its construction?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of linseed oil wood flour  rosin  pigments  and a backing material like burlap or canvas.	Guesser said: What shapes and sizes does it typically come in?	Oracle said: It typically comes in sheets and tiles.	Guesser said: Based on the information provided  is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Rigid.	Guesser said: Based on all of this information  is the object linoleum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lipstick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To apply color and/or other effects to the lips.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: It is primarily composed of chemicals.	Guesser said: Can the object be used repeatedly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube of lipstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
locket,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is typically held by the object?	Oracle said: A picture.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a picture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal photo box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a locket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
loincloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily cover?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the fabric cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric synthetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a blend of fabrics?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxer brief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxer short?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a g-string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a waistband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn by women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for men?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the style of the underwear?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of underwear.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the arms?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily cover?	Oracle said: The lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the underwear made of?	Oracle said: It is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a g-string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxer brief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long johns?	Oracle said: No.	
longboat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the boat powered by?	Oracle said: Oars and sails.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a Viking longboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
longbow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To propel arrows.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Does the object have a string?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I have guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
lotion,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To moisturize.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a common shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is not made of any one specific material.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is applied to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is lotion.	Oracle said: Correct.	
loveseat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide seating.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a backrest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have armrests?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical setting or location where this object is found?	Oracle said: Living room.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a loveseat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lumber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be used in construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plywood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a 2x4?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plank used on the exterior of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical thickness of the plank?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical width of the plank?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the plank typically used for flooring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used in the framing of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plank a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used in the interior of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for sheathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a soffit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to build a form?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used in the construction of a shed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the frame of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the exterior cladding of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the roof of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the floor of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the walls of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used to make the door of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a support structure within the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for an interior shelf within the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the foundation of the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for the framework of the shed's roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank a part of the shed's ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's ventilation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a built in work bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a built in storage unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of a built-in tool holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank used for a ramp to the shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's floor joists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's ridge beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's rafters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's purlins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plank part of the shed's baseboards?	Oracle said: No.	
magazine,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images or pictures on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer or poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a document like a certificate or a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size? Is it small enough to hold in one hand or is it much larger?	Oracle said: Small enough to hold in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have any text on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a playing card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of currency  like a dollar bill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a business card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single image  or multiple?	Oracle said: Multiple.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a trading card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a menu?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fold?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object open in a similar way to a book?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a small booklet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coupon booklet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of information does it contain?	Oracle said: Articles and images.	Guesser said: Is it a magazine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mailbag,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be carried by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a shape.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag made of canvas?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a drawstring bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the bag?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a closure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of closure does the bag have?	Oracle said: It has a clasp.	Guesser said: Is the bag a coin purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a small purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag part of a larger set like a set of luggage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a satchel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the bag have any specific branding or logos on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the bag associated with a particular profession or hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by artists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by musicians?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by sailors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by hikers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by photographers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by students?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by construction workers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag used by postal workers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a mail bag?	Oracle said: Correct	
mailbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To receive mail.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be multiple colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mainsail,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch the wind.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Triangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
mallet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To strike something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the relationship between the wood and metal components?	Oracle said: The wood and metal components are connected.	Guesser said: Can the object be used for construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a specific skill to use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mandolin,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held or played?	Oracle said: It is typically held and played by plucking or strumming the strings with a pick or fingers.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banjo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mandolin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
manger,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any supports or legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is it used for planting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a section of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple wooden platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a playset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond holding things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing something that is not solid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a raised garden bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a wooden walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold firewood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small wooden storage bin for tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific  non-storage purpose beyond its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for amusement or entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a structure that provides shelter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shelter for humans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden dog house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shelter for livestock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a chicken coop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelter for animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	
map,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To show geographical information.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: Correct.	
marionette,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handled by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by itself or does it require other objects to function?	Oracle said: It requires other objects to function.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object's moving parts?	Oracle said: To move the object.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden doll?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the doll have articulated joints?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the doll a marionette?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mascara,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply something to eyelashes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a solid liquid  or powder?	Oracle said: Liquid.	Guesser said: Is the liquid in the object a color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the liquid?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object mascara?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mask,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To conceal.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a basement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an attic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a place of education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a place of business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a place of leisure or entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object in its function of concealment?	Oracle said: To hide the face.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mast,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To support a sail.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. small enough to hold in your hand  larger than a car  etc.)	Oracle said: Larger than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object a mast?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mat,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of providing a surface?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting or resting on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for wiping or cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bed room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sewing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mat?	Oracle said: Correct	
matchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create a flame.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the paper portion of the object used to create a flame?	Oracle said: By striking it against a rough surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a specific brand?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a component of another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter cylindrical in shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a wax-impregnated paper product?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a folded piece of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a paper-based tinder bundle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a commercially produced product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a folded paper product designed to be lit by friction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a "Pine-cone fire starter?"	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter similar in shape to a small envelope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter a small folded  paper envelope containing a friction-ignitable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a "Firestarter Envelope".	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the fire starter contain any chemicals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of chemicals are contained in the fire starter?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the fire starter contain an accelerant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter designed to be waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter primarily used for starting campfires?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter primarily used for starting a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter primarily used for starting a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the intended use of the fire starter?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter sold in a box or container?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Does the container have a specific brand name on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in the home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in an industrial setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in a recreational setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in a lab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am running out of ideas  is this fire starter used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the fire starter have any other purposes other than to create a flame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I will guess again. Is the object a fire-starting envelope used by hobbyists?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter used in a survival situation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter intended for a specific type of fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the fire starter have any features other than creating a flame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the other feature?	Oracle said: I do not understand.	Guesser said: Does the object have a protective feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the protective feature to protect the user from the flame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the protective feature to protect the object from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the protective feature to protect the object from damage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the protective feature to prevent accidental ignition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the protective feature to protect the environment from the chemicals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fire starter designed to be easily disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable fire starter used in a specific appliance?	Oracle said: No.	
matchbox,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain and protect small items.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or range of sizes of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for personal or professional purposes?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a specific room in a house? If so which one?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by adults or children?	Oracle said: Adults.	Guesser said: What is the object's value  is it typically an inexpensive  moderately priced or expensive item?	Oracle said: Inexpensive.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or labels on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of markings or labels are on the object?	Oracle said: It has markings and labels.	Guesser said: Are the markings or labels related to the contents of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store medication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store writing utensils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often found near a desk or work surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden cigar box.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Are the contents of the object food related?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store craft supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain multiple compartments or sections?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific hobby or pastime?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store small tools or hardware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object ever contain money?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store sewing supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden box for storing stamps.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is commonly collected?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any external handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store personal care items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape other than rectangular? (e.g.  curved edges  rounded corners?)	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden box for storing buttons.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Are the markings or labels handwritten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the markings or labels printed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the markings or labels on the lid of the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the markings or labels related to a specific brand or manufacturer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically given as a gift?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any items that are considered valuable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden box used to store tea bags.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific type of business?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the contents of the object considered to be a consumable item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object contain something that is commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the contents of the object intended to be used in a small amount  at one time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden box for storing matches.	Oracle said: Correct.	
mattress,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a single material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The primary materials are fabric foam  and springs.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Oracle said: Understood.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main use when the user is not sleeping?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Does the object support the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mattress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
maypole,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for a celebration.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object usually decorated with?	Oracle said: Ribbons.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any writing on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object? (Small medium  or large)	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a maypole?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microscope,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To magnify small objects or details.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It has a typical shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a typical shape.	Guesser said: Is the shape generally round square  or rectangular?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a lab setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
miniskirt,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the lower body.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object considered formal or informal?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly worn by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of pants.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically long  short  or of variable length?	Oracle said: Short	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally loose fitting or tight fitting?	Oracle said: Tight fitting.	Guesser said: Is the object denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of short shorts.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a visible waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn with a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set or worn on its own?	Oracle said: Worn on its own.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a skirt.	Oracle said: Correct.	
mirror,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To reflect light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be various shapes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object require any sort of power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hang on a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mitten,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To keep something warm.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: It is usually made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes the object might take?	Oracle said: It does not have a common shape.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person would wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object usually cover?	Oracle said: Hand	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mitten?	Oracle said: Correct	
moat,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide defense.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Wet.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a water gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose besides defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other physical properties besides being long and wet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the other physical properties?	Oracle said: It is filled with water.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield made of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object created by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wall of water.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water created for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water used in combat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is used to defend something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of defensive barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water breakwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water used to protect from something natural?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water used to protect something from something man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water used to protect something from a fire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wall of water have any purpose besides defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water a part of a system of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for flood defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a flood barrier.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water permanent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wall of water a moat?	Oracle said: Correct	
moccasin,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of shoe is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of shoe.	Guesser said: Is it a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a loafer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a slipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shoe have a heel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shoe cover the ankle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ballet flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a flip-flop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a moccasin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
moneybag,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of cloth.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape? If so what is it?	Oracle said: Yes  it is typically a bag shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or any way to be carried?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for carrying groceries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical contents of the object?	Oracle said: Money.	Guesser said: Is it a pouch  like a coin purse?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it's a coin purse.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical size or dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure mechanism  like a zipper or button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered fashionable or stylish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other defining features  like a specific texture or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that would typically be found on a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a money bag?	Oracle said: Correct	
mop,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to clean?	Oracle said: It is typically used to clean.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can you describe the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object use water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mound,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Earth.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for cooking or eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for art or crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to water in some way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mound?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mousetrap,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To catch something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to catch something that is alive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the trap a mouse trap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
muffler,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To reduce noise.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly come in a pair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a physical structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Outside	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound barrier?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of sound barrier like a wall on the side of a highway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a silencer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be placed on the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help reduce noise pollution in an urban area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be placed on a machine to reduce noise?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a muffler?	Oracle said: Correct	
mulch,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the soil.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Organic material.	Guesser said: Does the object come from a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mulch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mural,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To display art.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What materials is it commonly made of?	Oracle said: Paint.	Guesser said: Is it typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is it large or small?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Is it stationary or can it move?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is it 2 dimensional or 3 dimensional?	Oracle said: 2 dimensional	Guesser said: Is the art displayed on a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mural?	Oracle said: Correct.	
muzzle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To prevent biting.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal leather  or nylon.	Guesser said: Does the object typically attach to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically attach to a person or an animal?	Oracle said: An animal.	Guesser said: Is the object a muzzle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
napkin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To absorb liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Is the object a napkin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
neckband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the decorative elements?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What colors are present in the object?	Oracle said: The object does not have any colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the decorative elements?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a choker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate width of the band?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary purpose?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amulet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lanyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace for an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in relation to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf with a loop to hold it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necktie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object hold?	Oracle said: Nothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for identification?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing designed to be worn around the neck for fashion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a neckerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element sewn into the fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element attached to the object in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the decorative element?	Oracle said: I am not a decorative element.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element added to the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element integral to the objects function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a choker with a non-decorative element attached?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element removable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element part of the original design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the decorative element a fringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolo tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ascot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dickey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar tab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cravat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: No.	
neckerchief,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or decorate the neck.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Triangular.	Guesser said: Are there any patterns or designs on the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific cultural or historical significance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily worn by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold or warm weather?	Oracle said: It is typically worn in warm weather.	Guesser said: I think the object is a scarf.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object considered formal or informal?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a particular region or culture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn around the neck and shoulders?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bandana.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a knot or tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically mass-produced or handmade?	Oracle said: Typically mass-produced.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized piece of clothing  like for a specific profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to swimwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific athletic associations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to absorb sweat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any specific era or time period?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a neckerchief.	Oracle said: Correct.	
necklace,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the decorative elements?	Oracle said: It has decorative elements.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the decorative elements?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
necktie,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is the object worn?	Oracle said: On the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily decorative practical  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of patterns or colors does it have?	Oracle said: It can have various patterns and colors.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a particular culture or time period?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily worn by men  women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: Correct.	
net,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of string or rope.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: How is the object used to catch things?	Oracle said: It is used to catch things by trapping them.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: Correct.	
newspaper,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To disseminate information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have text on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a standard sheet of printer paper?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a newspaper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: Cotton silk  and satin.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the upper or lower body?	Oracle said: Upper.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress formal or casual?	Oracle said: Casual	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it long sleeved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a t-shirt dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sundress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the dress?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it a midi dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mini dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress made of a knit material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a defined waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have a defined neckline?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the neckline?	Oracle said: It can be round  V-shaped  or other shapes.	Guesser said: Does it have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sheath dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a babydoll dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shift dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a peasant dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bodycon dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress loose fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the neckline a scoop neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the neckline a boat neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the neckline a V-neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the neckline a square neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have sleeves that cover the entire upper arm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have short sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sleeveless dress with a round neckline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sleeveless dress with a square neckline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sleeveless dress with a v-neckline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sleeveless dress with a boat neckline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sleeveless dress with a high neckline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have sleeves that end just above the elbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have sleeves that end just below the elbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have 3/4 sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the dress have sleeves that are long?	Oracle said: No.	
nightgown,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a harness?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a long sleeve undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object reach the knees?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a smock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	
nightshirt,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is it a single piece or multiple pieces?	Oracle said: Single piece.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn for warmth fashion  or protection?	Oracle said: Warmth.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a long-sleeved shirt.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the long-sleeved shirt have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn as an outer layer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a tight fit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a thermal undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a base layer for cold weather activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a henley shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleep shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sleep shirt.	Oracle said: Correct.	
nightstick,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To strike.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to strike?	Oracle said: A person.	Guesser said: Is the object a club?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the club made for sport or combat?	Oracle said: Combat.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden club used in combat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the club a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the club?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical diameter of the club?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the club a specific type of weapon with a name?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the club a bludgeoning weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the club a war club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the club a shillelagh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the club a cudgel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the club a truncheon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the club have any specific identifying features like carvings or attachments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the club a simple  unadorned weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Given the function  the material  the shape  the use  and lack of identifying features  I guess the object is a practice club.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the club typically used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the club a baton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the club a nightstick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
noose,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hang something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rope.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothesline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hang from a ceiling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a picture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hang from a hook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hang?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a punching bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a gym?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a child's toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sailing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes drying rack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a knot in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pulley system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dog leash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for rock climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bungee cord?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a fisherman?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a bird feeder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a loop at the end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skipping rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope used to hang a tire swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a weight attached to it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a piata?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a circus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pull-up bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple strands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of string used to hang something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it the string used to hang a tag on clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it the string on a window blind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it the string used to hang a price tag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it the string used to hang a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hang a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	
notebook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Writing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have lines on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Pen	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nozzle,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To direct or control the flow of a substance.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct the flow of water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sluice gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help direct the flow of water in an irrigation system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weir?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canal lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spillway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a hydroelectric system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headgate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of substance does the object primarily direct the flow of?	Oracle said: Liquid.	Guesser said: Does the liquid directed by the object flow through a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to direct the flow of oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a culvert?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a waste water system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the liquid directed by the object potable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object direct the flow of a liquid in a natural setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to control the flow of molten metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the liquid a coolant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object direct the flow of liquid in a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component in a fire suppression system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a standpipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a control valve used in a fire suppression system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hose coupling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a fire engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nozzle on a fire engine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
nutcracker,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To crack nuts.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a nutcracker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
oar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To propel a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the boat's hull?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an oar?	Oracle said: Correct	
oilcan,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To contain a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can of soda?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for oil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the oil container a standard size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the oil container sealed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a can of motor oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of cooking oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for industrial oil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the industrial oil container commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the industrial oil container a grease gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the industrial oil container a metal oil can with a spout?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: I guess the object is an oil can.	Oracle said: Correct.	
overcoat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the cold.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the entire body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coat.	Oracle said: Correct.	
paddle,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To propel an object.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: It does not have a source of power.	Guesser said: What is the object propelled by?	Oracle said: A person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other materials in it besides wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the other materials in the object?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Okay I was confused. Is the object typically used in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for striking something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to strike?	Oracle said: A paddle.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hit a ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table tennis paddle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pail,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or any method of closing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen or related to food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in the context of tools or mechanics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fastening or connecting things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with containing liquids or gases?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small metal container like a can  used for holding something  probably for mechanical or tool purposes  and is handheld. Is it a grease gun canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to measuring things?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small container for holding oil or other lubricants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to dispense a substance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have threads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an engine or motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal container  used to hold something  and designed to be used in a workshop environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined top and bottom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing ammunition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a liquid under pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a tool  specifically designed to hold something like a bit or a small part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art or crafts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a protective function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold something delicate or fragile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a base or stand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cartridge for a tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play a role in electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small metal cup or container that holds something  has a base  and is used in mechanics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bearing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'll guess that the object is a metal tube or cylinder  handheld  with a base  that holds something (not liquid or gas) and is associated with tools or mechanics. Is it a spark plug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play a role in the transportation industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold a solid object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it designed to protect the contents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or labels on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically empty when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'll guess the object is a metal tube or cylinder with a base  designed to hold something solid  but not protect it  and is used with tools or mechanics  and is typically empty when in use. Is it a socket  like a wrench socket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold small parts during repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger set or collection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose in the field of electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be inserted into something else?	Oracle said: No.	
paintball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mark a target.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Gelatin and paint.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Spherical	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paintbox,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold paint.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a palette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any raised edges or sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's common name?	Oracle said: Paintbox.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a paintbox.	Oracle said: Correct.	
paintbrush,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To apply paint.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a handle and bristles.	Guesser said: What material are the bristles made of?	Oracle said: The bristles are made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can you name some of the materials the bristles could be made of?	Oracle said: Bristles can be made of natural or synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
painting,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: What are the common dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Canvas.	Guesser said: What is the object usually viewed in?	Oracle said: A museum.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pajama,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific aesthetic qualities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the different pieces that make up the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a T-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajamas?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pamphlet,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any images or pictures on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the information the object provides primarily text-based or image-based?	Oracle said: Primarily text-based.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of paper with printed instructions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pan,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require a heat source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pants,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are there multiple openings for the feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pantsuit,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the head the feet  or the hands?	Oracle said: None of those.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the torso  the legs  or the arms?	Oracle said: The legs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover both legs or just one?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object form-fitting or loose-fitting?	Oracle said: Loose-fitting.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would wear while exercising?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of garment worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it commonly worn outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of trousers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of chaps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond just covering the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the specific purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a costume?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly used for sleeping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly used for swimming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set a part of a matching outfit for a specific activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly used for a job or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object work pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set a track suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly associated with a specific industry or trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a medical uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a flight attendant's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a construction worker's uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chef's pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly associated with law enforcement or the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set associated with a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly associated with farming or agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the set involve multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set commonly worn in a cold climate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pajama pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the set used in a hot climate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the set have multiple layers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the layers designed to be worn for warmth?	Oracle said: No.	
pantyhose,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the legs and feet.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Nylon spandex  and other synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Does this object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the common colors or patterns found on this object?	Oracle said: Solid colors and sometimes patterns.	Guesser said: Are these objects typically mass-produced or handcrafted?	Oracle said: Mass-produced.	Guesser said: Are there any other objects commonly worn with this object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects typically designed for a specific activity or purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of activity are they designed for?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Are these objects typically worn by one gender more than another?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects typically worn for fashion or for warmth?	Oracle said: Fashion.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of stockings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects typically worn for sports or other physical activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are these objects usually worn to provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object usually opaque or translucent?	Oracle said: Translucent.	Guesser said: Are they worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pantyhose?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperback,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cover made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I win!	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperclip,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold fabric together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper clip?	Oracle said: Correct.	
paperweight,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold down papers.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
parachute,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To slow descent.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: How large is the object roughly  in terms of diameter? (e.g.  a few inches  a few feet  many feet)	Oracle said: Many feet.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people  or is it a natural phenomenon?	Oracle said: Used by people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used alone  or in conjunction with other objects?	Oracle said: In conjunction with other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be reusable  or is it a single-use item?	Oracle said: Reusable.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily on land  in the air  or in the water?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is this a parachute?	Oracle said: Correct.	
parcel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Cardboard.	Guesser said: Is the object typically disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flat sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple sides?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard container for shipping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cardboard shipping container!	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for transporting liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the food industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for one time use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object folded?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a corrugated structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for mailing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pizza box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for shoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for shipping clothes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any internal compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for shipping books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard envelope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for holding a specific item or a variety of items?	Oracle said: A variety of items.	Guesser said: Does the object have any printed information on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard moving box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for take away food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object for transporting small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a display box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard file box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any perforations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object close by folding flaps into each other?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardboard carton used for shipping items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cardboard carton!	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object often have a branded logo or design on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	
parka,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: The object is commonly made from fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a material that is waterproof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat designed for extreme cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: Correct.	
patch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To repair or cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common colors of the object?	Oracle said: Black white  and blue.	Guesser said: Does the object have any adhesive properties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch for clothing?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pavement,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for walking or driving.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape and size?	Oracle said: It can be various shapes and sizes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Stone concrete  or asphalt.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a specific color or pattern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the most common color of the object?	Oracle said: Gray.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or features on its surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of markings or features are typically found on its surface?	Oracle said: It may have lines or patterns.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking lot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a pathway?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a paved walkway in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical width of the pathway?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the pathway?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a driveway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway for pedestrians?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a building's foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a sidewalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a trail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway made of stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway made of concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway made of asphalt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway covered in gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway made of brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a sports field?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material is the pathway made of?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a path made of packed dirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a path made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a path made of sand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a path in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pathway have any purpose other than for walking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a running track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pathway have any handrails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a public space?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pathway located at a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway located at a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway located at a residential area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a memorial site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a business complex?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a government facility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway a walkway in a shopping center?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a zoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway part of a museum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pathway made of something other than the material I previously asked about?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pathway made of decomposed granite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pathway have any purpose other than for walking?	Oracle said: No.	
peephole,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To see through something.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishbowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a pair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when seeing through something?	Oracle said: To see through something.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marble?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To see through a door.	Guesser said: Is the object a peephole?	Oracle said: Correct	
pegboard,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is it a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object used for writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to serve food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lip or raised edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a base for something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Pegs.	Guesser said: Is the object a pegboard?	Oracle said: Correct	
pen,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pencil,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pendant,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as an ornament.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of metal.	Guesser said: What specific parts of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: Neck.	Guesser said: Is the object a necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any precious stones or gems associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendant?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pendulum,25,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a face or display with markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use any form of power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's most essential component?	Oracle said: It is a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the object an hourglass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the sphere?	Oracle said: I am not a sphere.	Guesser said: Is the sphere the primary component of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sphere used in conjunction with the measuring of time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object made up of several components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to astronomy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are designed to be spun or rotated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a lab or a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pendulum?	Oracle said: Correct.	
periscope,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To see things that are otherwise out of sight.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is taller than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: It is typically black.	Guesser said: Is the object a periscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
petticoat,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shape and fullness to a skirt.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object visible when the skirt is worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric of the object a net or mesh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crinoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a petticoat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photograph,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To capture and preserve visual information.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by a single person.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require any special tools or equipment to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
piano,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pickaxe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To break things.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the part of the object that breaks things?	Oracle said: It is pointed.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
picture,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be viewed.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have words or images on it?	Oracle said: Images.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of artwork used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the artwork flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture used to decorate a room?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pill,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To treat or prevent a medical condition.	Guesser said: What is the form factor of the object? (e.g. liquid  solid  gas  powder  etc.)	Oracle said: Solid	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of chemicals.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillbox,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for crafts or hobbies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a storage container for medication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the lid of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small plastic box used to store medication?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: I've got it! Is it a small plastic box used for storing medication such as a weekly pill organizer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillow,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide support and comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is it commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of materials like cotton down  or synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is it typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is it typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a mattress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for sleeping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pillow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pillowcase,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillowcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pin,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shapes is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a long shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the head flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the head of the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold things together.	Guesser said: Is the object screwed in or hammered in?	Oracle said: Hammered in.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape besides being long and having a head and a point?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical diameter of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's head shaped like?	Oracle said: It does not have a head.	Guesser said: Does the object have any threads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pincushion,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold pins.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the color of the fabric?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: Is the fabric part of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pincushion?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pinstripe,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a visual design element.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric primarily for decoration or function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Does the object typically hang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative banner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically exposed to?	Oracle said: The object is typically exposed to a clothing environment.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative strip on a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative element of the garment that is not a strip or ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the construction or a decorative element?	Oracle said: Decorative element.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific recognizable shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruffle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pleat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sequin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an embroidery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a logo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an applique?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object lace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a visual texture to the garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object ruching?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tassel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a unique folding or gathering of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve layering of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a print or pattern on the fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the print or pattern applied directly to the fabric or is it a separate component attached to the garment?	Oracle said: It is applied directly to the fabric.	Guesser said: Is the print a solid color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stripe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative stripe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stripe vertical?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stripe horizontal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stripe diagonal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stripe curved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there multiple stripes?	Oracle said: Yes.	
pitchfork,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To lift and move things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity human power  or another source?	Oracle said: Human power.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wheelbarrow. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has prongs.	Guesser said: Is the object used for agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to lift hay?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pitchfork. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
plank,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wooden board.	Oracle said: Correct.	
plaster,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a wound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a plaster?	Oracle said: Correct.	
platter,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Flat.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose beyond just holding things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific purpose?	Oracle said: To hold food.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baking dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving platter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
playhouse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide shelter and a space for play.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the house a playhouse?	Oracle said: Correct	
pliers,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To grip and manipulate objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a workshop or toolbox.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and rubber.	Guesser said: Is this object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific shape?	Oracle said: It has a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pliers?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pocket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the opening?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: Correct	
pocketknife,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of knife is it?	Oracle said: I am not a type of knife.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife or a tool that is similar to a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for food preparation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a small rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the handle made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal of the handle the same type of metal as the blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the blade replaceable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to cut rope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife specifically designed for cutting rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small knife used to cut something?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: Correct.	
podium,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: Does the object typically rest on the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides supporting something?	Oracle said: It is used to elevate something.	Guesser said: Is the object a step stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pedestal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small wooden stand used for displaying something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the furniture a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an end table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden footstool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings or compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is typically placed on top of the object?	Oracle said: A speaker or document.	Guesser said: Is the object a podium?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pole,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To support something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood metal  or concrete.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of structure is the object a part of?	Oracle said: Structure.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a column?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object support something vertically?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a support post?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a support post.	Oracle said: Correct.	
poncho,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pontoon,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide buoyancy.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the shape in more detail such as the number of sides  if it has curves  or any other defining characteristics?	Oracle said: It has curves.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in or on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of boat?	Oracle said: Boat.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of boat? (e.g.  sailboat  rowboat  motorboat)	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat small enough to be carried by one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it powered by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Does it have oars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have paddles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kayak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What propels the boat?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: I apologize. Is the object you are thinking of typically used in the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the water?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a life preserver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a buoy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for navigation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a navigational marker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object connected to?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is it a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it part of a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it the hull of the ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a metal floatation device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for stability?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pontoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pool,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Concrete.	Guesser said: Does the object involve water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimming pool?	Oracle said: Correct.	
popgun,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a popping sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a cap gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a bubble popper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a snap-n-pop toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a party favor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a toy that is meant to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the popping sound a consequence of the object's use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other objects to work?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the other object required for use?	Oracle said: A projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy gun that uses plastic projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy gun a Nerf gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the toy gun use a spring mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy gun a water gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy gun a BB gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy gun a dart gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the popping sound created by a cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the toy gun shoot small hard projectiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use air pressure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy a suction cup dart gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy that shoots a projectile via a pumping mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object shoot a foam projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy crossbow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the projectile propelled by a sudden burst of air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object launch projectiles from a small barrel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the toy an air blaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a toy that is meant to shoot small plastic balls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the toy a pop gun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
porcelain,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Porcelain.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for serving food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pitcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a typical use for this object besides holding liquids?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wide opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a narrow opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a gravy boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a creamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it an ornamental jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What would one typically put in the object?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is it a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative container for holding water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a soup tureen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative water jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cruet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object's opening?	Oracle said: It does not have an opening.	Guesser said: Is the object a covered serving dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a sugar bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a milk jug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other materials could it be made of besides porcelain?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pot,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of clay.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking or eating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pottery,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Clay.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific form or is it a shapeless mass?	Oracle said: Has a specific form.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can you describe the form of the object?	Oracle said: It is a pottery.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot for storing liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for storing dry goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for growing plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is stored in the pot?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the pot a ceremonial object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot typically found outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot a container for something that is not meant to be consumed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for holding items used in a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold something that is regularly used and taken out?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot for holding coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot for holding keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot for holding small decorative items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for holding buttons or small sewing items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot for holding medications?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot for holding food items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold items for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold items for grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold something that is often in contact with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold utensils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for holding spices?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot a utensil holder on the kitchen counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot a container for dish soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot a container for a kitchen sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for the purpose of containing waste in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used to hold water in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pot used for holding food scraps?	Oracle said: No.	
pouch,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used both indoors and outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is most commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the things the object is commonly used to hold?	Oracle said: Coins small items.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a reusable shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a coin purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a tote bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the bag?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the bag have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag small enough to be carried in a pocket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag used to carry makeup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a clutch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a fanny pack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a pouch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
powerboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object  relative to a human? (e.g.  smaller  similar  larger)	Oracle said: Larger	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of propulsion does the boat use?	Oracle said: It uses a motor.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a fishing trawler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for waterskiing or wakeboarding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a pontoon boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for navigating rivers or lakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a motorboat used for touring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a small recreational boat used for day trips on lakes or rivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a river barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a patrol boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a dinghy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cabin cruiser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for a specific type of sport or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat primarily used for personal transportation?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a runabout?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruiser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for watersports  such as tubing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat an inflatable boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a bowrider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ski boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a deck boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a wakeboard boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a jet boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cuddy cabin boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a bay boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sport boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a bass boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a pontoon boat designed for watersports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat an open bow boat primarily used for watersports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for both watersports and general recreational use?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the boat a family boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a center console boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a performance boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used on saltwater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a deep-V hull boat?	Oracle said: No.	
pulley,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To lift or move objects.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pulley?	Oracle said: Correct.	
puppet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object can be made of?	Oracle said: Wood cloth  or plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: Correct	
purse,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Leather fabric  and metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does it have a handle or handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often carried by hand or on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a messenger bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.	
quilt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth or comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape or form?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of patterns or designs are on the object?	Oracle said: The object has patterns.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a quilt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
racquetball,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hit a ball.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Spherical	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of golf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a golf ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object bounce?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of volleyball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of dodgeball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of soccer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a playground ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of kickball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medicine ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object hollow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a super ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object compared to a golf ball?	Oracle said: Heavier.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the sport of bowling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a racquetball?	Oracle said: Correct	
raft,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To float.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
rafter,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the roof structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rag,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable or reusable?	Oracle said: Reusable	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to clean?	Oracle said: It is typically used to clean.	Guesser said: Is it a specialized cleaning tool  or a more general one?	Oracle said: A more general one.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used wet or dry?	Oracle said: Wet.	Guesser said: Is it used to clean surfaces  or things like hands or bodies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think it is a washcloth. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object absorb liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a variety of colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think it is a sponge. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the cloth component of the object smooth or textured?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is it often used in the kitchen  bathroom  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically sold individually  or in a pack?	Oracle said: In a pack.	Guesser said: Is the object relatively thin  or does it have some thickness to it?	Oracle said: Relatively thin.	Guesser said: I think it is a cleaning wipe. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come pre-moistened with cleaning solution?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically square or rectangular?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll or is it individual pieces?	Oracle said: Individual pieces.	Guesser said: Does it leave lint behind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think it is a microfiber cleaning cloth. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sort of woven pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it specifically designed for cleaning  or could it serve other purposes?	Oracle said: It is specifically designed for cleaning.	Guesser said: Is it often used with soap or cleaning agents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object typically dry quickly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pad or a cloth?	Oracle said: a cloth	Guesser said: I think it is a dishcloth. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a variety of sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cloth made of a natural or synthetic material?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it usually sold in packs of multiple cloths?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object thin and flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sort of loop or hook for hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think it is a cleaning rag. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
raincoat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from rain.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically carried by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent or translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object rigid or flexible?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object in inches?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific named brand associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ratchet,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To tighten or loosen fasteners.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical range of sizes?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle part of the rectangular shape or is it attached to it?	Oracle said: Attached to it.	Guesser said: Can it be used with one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific trade or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What trade or profession is the object primarily used in?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: Is it a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to drive nails or screws?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used with other tools or implements?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is it commonly used with?	Oracle said: Bolts.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle designed to provide leverage?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is it a torque wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lug wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closed end for gripping fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it an adjustable wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object grip the fastener from the side?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the handle perpendicular to the part that grips the fastener?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a ratcheting wrench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
razor,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to cut?	Oracle said: It is typically used to cut.	Guesser said: Does the object require a refill or replacement of any kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
recliner,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric on the object soft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a couch.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than one seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an armchair.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the main purpose of the fabric?	Oracle said: To cover the object.	Guesser said: Is the fabric decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the fabric?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dining room chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the chair rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chair used by people who are working?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a recliner.	Oracle said: Correct.	
rib,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To protect internal organs.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Bone.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the name of the larger structure the object is a part of?	Oracle said: Skeleton.	Guesser said: Is the object a rib?	Oracle said: Correct	
rickshaw,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made from?	Oracle said: Metal wood  and fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically move on land  water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine or by animals?	Oracle said: By animals.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagecoach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for primarily transporting people or goods?	Oracle said: People.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed passenger area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by more than one animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: Correct.	
robe,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment that covers the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something worn for sleep?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightgown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pajamas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a onesie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
roof,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide shelter.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tie things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: It is usually made of fibers.	Guesser said: What are some common colors of the object?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or textures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or natural?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: I guess the object is rope.	Oracle said: Correct.	
rowboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of boat is it?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of a boat is the object?	Oracle said: It is a boat.	Guesser said: Is the boat propelled by sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat propelled by oars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a rowboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rudder,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To control direction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Flat.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: Is the object a rudder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rug,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a floor.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fibers.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: Correct.	
runway,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To facilitate the takeoff and landing of aircraft.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Concrete and asphalt.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically located?	Oracle said: On the ground.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of markings does the object have?	Oracle said: It has markings.	Guesser said: Are the markings painted on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color are the markings?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a runway.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sack,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for leisure or work?	Oracle said: Work.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the context of its function?	Oracle said: It is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the bag a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bag a sack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sackcloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: It is made from cloth.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used for personal belongings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any association with food or cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to sports or recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally considered temporary or permanent?	Oracle said: Temporary	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a tarp. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for covering something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific colors or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a natural environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found at a market?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found at an event?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often moved or repositioned?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something people can walk on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger set of similar objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are these objects attached to anything else?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the objects folded or rolled up when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a cloth sheet used for a specific purpose  perhaps in a medical context or some kind of service. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a domestic setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an educational setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any relation to camping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a retail setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to healthcare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from the weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the objects used for display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the objects used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a building or structure  like a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to separate or divide space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people to sit or lay on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a signaling purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the movement of goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed to cover and protect goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the objects used to secure goods  like a net?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the objects reusable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth cover for something like furniture during storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover items on a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be picked up and moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	
saddle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a seat for a rider on an animal.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Does the object have any metal components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Are there any wooden components?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a saddle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
saddlebag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To carry items.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather nylon  or other synthetic materials.	Guesser said: What is the typical size and shape of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or closure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Rigid	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any compartments or dividers inside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a briefcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lunchbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific purpose of the object within the context of carrying items?	Oracle said: To carry items.	Guesser said: Is the object designed primarily for carrying food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed primarily for carrying tools?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tackle box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satchel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an equipment case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brief case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box for carrying specific tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container primarily for organizing and transporting various types of tools  but not necessarily designed as a dedicated toolbox or equipment case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used in a work environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a craft box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage box for small items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for carrying or storing documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for carrying or storing delicate or fragile items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be carried easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large storage container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for seasonal storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically located indoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing outdoor equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for gardening tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for camping gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for sporting equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for car accessories or supplies?	Oracle said: No.	
sailboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood fiberglass  or metal.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be operated by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
saltshaker,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To dispense a substance.	Guesser said: What state of matter is the substance it dispenses?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To season food.	Guesser said: Is the object a salt shaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sandal,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides protecting the foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a boot.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the common environment the object is used in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by people who are doing work or activities that involve their feet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sarong,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What are some common colors of this object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the body?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the whole body when worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap usually a solid color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the typical purpose of the wrap?	Oracle said: To be worn as clothing.	Guesser said: Is the wrap typically decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wrap a sarong?	Oracle said: Correct.	
satchel,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather canvas  or other materials.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily folded or collapsed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by a single person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or strap for carrying?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a purse.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have an opening at the top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items on a person's body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object usually contain a flap or closure to keep the contents secured?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a messenger bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object often worn over the shoulder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying books or documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a briefcase.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by students?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pocket or compartment for a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a duffel bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily accessible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for carrying personal belongings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object open from the top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object generally soft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object wider than it is tall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a backpack.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person for carrying things for themselves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to hold a variety of items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a dedicated space for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure at the top  such as a drawstring or clasp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly carried by hand or over the shoulder?	Oracle said: Over the shoulder	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tote bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any features that are meant for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often associated with sports or athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the primary material of the object waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flap that covers its opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a military style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a satchel.	Oracle said: Correct.	
satin,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used as a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: What colors is the object commonly found in?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object commonly used for?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric typically flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the fabric thin or thick?	Oracle said: Thin.	Guesser said: Is the fabric commonly made of natural or synthetic materials?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of knit fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object satin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
saucepan,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used in the cooking process?	Oracle said: It is typically used for cooking on a stovetop.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scabbard,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect a blade.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal leather  or wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative elements or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheath?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sheath for a sword?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other materials could the sheath be made of?	Oracle said: Metal  leather  or wood.	Guesser said: Is the sheath for a dagger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of blade does the sheath protect?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the sheath associated with a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for carpentry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for cutting rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for gardening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for crafting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used in a professional setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath used for self-defense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a machete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a sword?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of leather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sheath made of a composite material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the sheath made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: Is the sword a katana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a broadsword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a rapier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a saber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a scimitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a short sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a longsword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sword a claymore?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of sword is in the sheath?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of a sword.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a bladed weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool associated with the sheath a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scabbard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scaffold,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to support?	Oracle said: Other objects.	Guesser said: What are the common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the tool a jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tool a stand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is a common setting where the object is used?	Oracle said: Construction sites.	Guesser said: Is the stand a scaffolding?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scaffolding,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a raised platform for workers or materials.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is this object typically stationary or is it designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Does this object usually have a solid surface  or does it have openings or gaps?	Oracle said: Openings or gaps.	Guesser said: Is this object used indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure  or is it a standalone item?	Oracle said: Part of a larger structure.	Guesser said: Does this object have any specific features  such as railings  steps  or supports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scaffolding?	Oracle said: Correct	
scalpel,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object usually used on or with?	Oracle said: Humans.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scarecrow,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To deter animals from a field.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape or form.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Straw.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarecrow?	Oracle said: Correct	
scarf,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep someone warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is the object most commonly used?	Oracle said: It is most commonly used in cold environments.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made from?	Oracle said: It is typically made from fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
schoolbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have any handles or straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack used primarily by adults or children?	Oracle said: Children.	Guesser said: Does the backpack typically have any pictures or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a basic plain style  or is it designed for a specific activity (e.g.  hiking  sports)?	Oracle said: It is designed for a specific activity.	Guesser said: What activity is the backpack designed for?	Oracle said: School.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of canvas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of nylon?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have multiple compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack water resistant?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the backpack made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have padded shoulder straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a standard  rectangular school backpack with multiple compartments and padded straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have any features designed to protect electronics?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a laptop backpack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack for a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack for carrying books and school supplies specifically designed for children  made of synthetic materials  with padded straps  multiple compartments  and a feature to protect electronics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have any specialized pockets or compartments for items other than books and supplies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack used for travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have a specific brand name or logo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack designed for carrying art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack specifically designed to organize and protect musical instruments or related equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have a compartment specifically designed to carry a lunchbox or food items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have reflective elements for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack used by very young children (preschool age)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack intended to be used by students in elementary school?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the backpack designed with features intended to help with posture or ergonomics?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a special type of backpack meant to be used for an activity other than school  but used by school age kids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack a specialized backpack for carrying a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have any unique closure mechanisms beyond zippers or buckles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack designed to be lightweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack designed for durability?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have a chest strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the backpack  designed for carrying school supplies for elementary school children  made of synthetic materials  with padded straps  multiple compartments  durable  and with specialized pockets or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the specialized pocket a pencil case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the specialized pocket for a calculator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the specialized pocket for a tablet or other electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the specialized pocket provide protection for a specific item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the backpack contain a space designed specifically to hold a water bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the specialized pocket provide protection for glasses or sunglasses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the specialized pocket insulated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the specialized pocket designed for storing or protecting sports equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the specialized pocket designed to hold a phone or other small electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the backpack have a reinforced bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the specialized pocket have a scratch-resistant lining?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	
schoolbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.	
scissors,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to cut?	Oracle said: It is typically used to cut.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object is used in?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scooter,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object self-propelled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on public roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than two wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport people or goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have pedals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roller skate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
scrapbook,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To preserve memories and experiences.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is it commonly made from?	Oracle said: Paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover or binding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object contain words?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a physical object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book used for personal use such as a diary or journal  or is it used for the purpose of informing or entertaining a reader?	Oracle said: It is used for personal use  such as a diary or journal.	Guesser said: Is the book bound with stitching or adhesive?	Oracle said: Adhesive.	Guesser said: Is the book a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the book have lined pages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the book a commonplace book or a scrapbook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
screen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To display information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a screen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sculpture,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be looked at.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made or natural?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond being looked at?	Oracle said: It has no purpose beyond being looked at.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Correct.	
seesaw,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a recreational activity.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Playground.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for sitting on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: Correct	
sharkskin,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's typical size or dimensions were not asked about.	Guesser said: In what context is this protection usually needed? (e.g. weather  physical harm  data  etc.)	Oracle said: Physical harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or general form?	Oracle said: It has a form.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Skin.	Guesser said: Is the object an animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure or system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or characteristics that enhance its protective function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Gray.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a rock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object usually cover something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some sort?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn on the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection from a specific type of physical harm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific type of physical harm it protects against?	Oracle said: Abrasion.	Guesser said: Is the object a pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sealant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a layer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the layer a coating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scab?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something natural?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a callus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something related to erosion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that forms on the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an artificial material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a covering that develops over time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hardened mud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a layer of sediment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a physical object.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of scar tissue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a natural formation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object manufactured?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a biological process?	Oracle said: No.	
shawl,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What are the common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wool silk  and cotton.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: What environments is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a variety of environments.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common sizes of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person wears?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that covers the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that covers the lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of lingerie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that covers the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of gloves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shears,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the cutting edge?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can this object be used with one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sickle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to cut?	Oracle said: It is typically used to cut.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair cutting shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by barbers or stylists?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have one cutting edge or two?	Oracle said: Two.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut something other than hair?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object used in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hedge shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut branches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the cutting action of the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have blades that close together?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dressmaker's shears?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shelf,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is it usually made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  or plastic.	Guesser said: Does it have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it generally stationary or can it be moved easily?	Oracle said: Generally stationary.	Guesser said: Is it used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shelf?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shell,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Relatively small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Calcium carbonate.	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Natural	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land or in water?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: Is it a living organism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shell?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shield,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to protect?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to protect.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to protect *from*?	Oracle said: Attacks.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shingle,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger structure the object is a part of?	Oracle said: A building.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wooden roof structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shingle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shirt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather rubber  and fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with or attached to?	Oracle said: A foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoelace,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object a string?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shoestring,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To tie something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Does the object have a knot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shorts,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Legs.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Is the fabric flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific activity or purpose beyond just being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object long or short? (In relation to the leg)	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of athletic wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are they shorts?	Oracle said: Correct.	
showerhead,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To dispense water.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plumbing fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a faucet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shrapnel,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to cause harm?	Oracle said: By being propelled through the air at high speeds.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger object that it is part of?	Oracle said: A bomb.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of shrapnel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sickle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by itself or with other objects?	Oracle said: With other objects.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cut by slicing or by applying force?	Oracle said: By slicing.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surgery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scalpel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sickle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sidewall,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To provide a vertical barrier.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Flat.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a manufactured product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sealing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber sheet used in roofing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for road construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber door stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the outside of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber flashing used in the construction of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber membrane used as a barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber membrane used for waterproofing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the building from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber seal on a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to absorb impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber weather strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect the building from damage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the foundation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the building's facade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the structure that provides a vertical barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber sheet used as a vertical barrier?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used for soundproofing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to protect against impact?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used as a vertical barrier against water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used for insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used as a decorative element?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to create a vertical barrier for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to create a vertical barrier to block wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to create a vertical barrier to block light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to create a vertical barrier to block access?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to create a vertical barrier to contain something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to contain water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to contain gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the rubber sheet used to contain a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	
sieve,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To separate substances.	Guesser said: What are the substances it separates?	Oracle said: Solids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and mesh.	Guesser said: Is the metal steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the mesh part of the object made of the same material as the rest of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is it a strainer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
sifter,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To separate materials.	Guesser said: What are the materials it separates?	Oracle said: It separates materials that are different sizes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a round shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a strainer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sieve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a colander?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sifter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
silk,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To be used as a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: What colors is the object commonly found in?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape when in its most commonly used form?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object created by a natural process or a manufacturing process?	Oracle said: Natural.	Guesser said: Is the object derived from an animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object silk?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sill,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood stone  or metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically rest horizontally or vertically?	Oracle said: Horizontally	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a windowsill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
silverware,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal	Guesser said: Is the object a specific tool for eating like a fork  spoon  or knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific types of food is this object primarily used with?	Oracle said: This object is not primarily used with any specific type of food.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set of eating utensils?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object used to spear food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the same length as a table knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chopstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a serving utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fondue fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a butter knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small knife used to cut individual portions of food  such as a steak knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in western culture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seafood fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spreader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of decorative knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a silverware set?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sink,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic stainless steel  or other materials.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to plumbing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sketchbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To create art.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object typically involve color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book of illustrations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coloring book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the art created through the use of tools or is it created by hand?	Oracle said: Through the use of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a print?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve text in addition to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a poster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck of cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brochure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portfolio of artwork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the art in the object tell a story?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object created with a printing press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for  other than creating art?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used for education?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the art in the object related to decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object ephemeral  or is it meant to last a long time?	Oracle said: Meant to last a long time.	Guesser said: Does the object contain information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a document?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a technical manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an artistic journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of art prints?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an invitation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object convey any emotions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of sheet music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the art functional?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blueprint?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the art in the object used to convey instructions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the art in the object used for the purpose of selling something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of collectible trading cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to games?	Oracle said: No.	
ski,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To be used for recreation or sport.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is this object typically used?	Oracle said: Snowy environments.	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a smooth surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to move on top of the snow?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by one person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object long and thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ski?	Oracle said: Correct.	
skillet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a frying pan.	Oracle said: Correct.	
skirt,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What part of the body is it worn on?	Oracle said: Lower body.	Guesser said: Does it have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it considered formal or informal wear?	Oracle said: Informal.	Guesser said: Is it long or short?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does it have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn by people of a specific gender?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
skullcap,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It has multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the hat designed to protect against sun rain  or cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cap with a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a stocking cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a bucket hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat used for a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have any specific association with a particular group of people or culture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What group of people or culture is it associated with?	Oracle said: I am not associated with any group of people or culture.	Guesser said: Is the hat associated with a specific historical period?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have any additional features like a visor  ear flaps  or a chin strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a knitted hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a floppy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cycling cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a swim cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a do-rag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a safari hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sleep cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a turban?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloche hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bonnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat associated with any particular profession or occupation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the hat have a wide brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a trapper hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a newsboy cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hat a painter's cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skull cap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slacks,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is this object worn?	Oracle said: On the lower body.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the legs of the object long or short?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of pants.	Oracle said: Correct.	
slate,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To write on.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It can be various sizes and is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a slate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sledgehammer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To apply force to an object.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does this object typically involve a handle or grip of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction or carpentry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
sleeve,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cover something.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object often have decorative elements or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used by people or animals?	Oracle said: Used by people.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a specific geographic location or climate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover people or other things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tarp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide shade from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cover food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide protection from rain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sleigh,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object typically have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land or water?	Oracle said: Land.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans or animals?	Oracle said: Used by humans.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by a motor or by human effort?	Oracle said: By human effort.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for carrying people  cargo  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a wagon. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be pushed  pulled  or ridden?	Oracle said: Ridden.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than two wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bicycle. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require a specific path or track to move on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a steering mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically pulled by something or someone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cart. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary use of the object  for work or recreation?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: Is the object intended for use on a road or off-road?	Oracle said: Off-road.	Guesser said: Does the object have pedals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object typically light or heavy?	Oracle said: Heavy	Guesser said: I guess the object is a horse-drawn carriage. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a trail or a flat surface?	Oracle said: Flat surface.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for racing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for carrying passengers or cargo?	Oracle said: Passengers	Guesser said: Does the object use a harness?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in winter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sleigh. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slingshot,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber and wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slingshot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
slipcover,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or cover something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect or cover a person a piece of furniture  or something else?	Oracle said: a piece of furniture	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object thin or thick?	Oracle said: Thin.	Guesser said: Is the object usually decorative  functional  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedsheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipcover?	Oracle said: Correct	
slipper,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To protect or cover the foot.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have laces or a method of securing it to the foot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object soft or hard?	Oracle said: Soft	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in a professional setting  a casual setting  or both?	Oracle said: A casual setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire foot  or only a portion of it?	Oracle said: Only a portion of it.	Guesser said: Is the object used for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a slipper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
smock,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body or only a portion?	Oracle said: Only a portion.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper or lower body?	Oracle said: Upper.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a scarf. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn directly against the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a coat. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What part of the upper body does the object primarily cover?	Oracle said: Upper body.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a vest. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond protecting clothing?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a sweater. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures? (Like buttons  snaps  etc.)	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered formal or informal?	Oracle said: Informal	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of a material that is breathable  like cotton or linen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a t-shirt. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the pockets?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: Does the object have a collar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically loose-fitting or form-fitting?	Oracle said: Loose-fitting.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a sweatshirt. Am I correct?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined neckline?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the neckline typically round  V-shaped  or something else?	Oracle said: Something else.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the neckline typically a button up?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific garment  or more general?	Oracle said: A specific garment.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a specific activity or profession?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with manual labor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a work shirt. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have long or short sleeves?	Oracle said: Short.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a specific trade or industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a polo shirt. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object provide any protection from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a uniform?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a t-shirt worn as a work uniform. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object often paired with a specific type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically loose fitting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the pockets typically large or small?	Oracle said: The pockets are typically large.	
sneaker,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide foot protection and support.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Rubber fabric  and leather.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces or a similar fastening system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a running shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a work boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sandal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shoe a sneaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snorkel,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To breathe underwater.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and rubber.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is a tube.	Guesser said: Is the object a snorkel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowman,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be decorative.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment where this object is found?	Oracle said: Cold environments.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a snowman.	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowsuit,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the human body when in use?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover a large or small portion of the body?	Oracle said: Large.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hooded sweatshirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object waterproof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rain jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snuffbox,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To contain something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal wood  or tortoiseshell.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does this object typically have a lid or a way to close it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object primarily used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to store jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store small  valuable items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a treasure chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a pillbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a snuff box?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sock,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a foot.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Cotton wool  or synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape or form of the object?	Oracle said: It is usually cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the different sizes of the object based on?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative features?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn by adults  children  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically paired with another identical object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sofa,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Sitting.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a back?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throne?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any padding or cushioning?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object in terms of height  width  and depth?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sofa?	Oracle said: Correct.	
softball,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be thrown and caught.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically about 4 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by adults or children?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a soccer ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object bounce?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color of the object?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object a lacrosse ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cricket ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a bat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a softball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
songbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold songs.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cover also made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the book a songbook?	Oracle said: Correct	
spacesuit,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer in the harsh environment of space.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is it flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any transparent parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacesuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spandex,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To stretch.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific use in exercise or physical therapy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a resistance band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoga mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of exercise clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object compression clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a short sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a full body suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover any of the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knee brace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to aid in weight loss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object restrict movement in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a zipper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to wick moisture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object help with blood circulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object go on the torso and legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a full body suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a compression wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object medical apparel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used to enhance appearance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shapewear garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the shapewear cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shapewear cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaping camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waist cincher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a body shaper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a control slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoothing tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a high waisted brief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings for arms or legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	
sparkler,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Fire.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and chemicals.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in most cases?	Oracle said: To create light.	Guesser said: Is the object a chemical light source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a glow stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by emergency services?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a novelty item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magic trick item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firework?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of light-up toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different colors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light up wand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light up yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up spinning top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light up necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a simple design?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up flashing toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce any sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light-up stick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sparkler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spatula,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To cook.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a flat shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stovetop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frying pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for making pancakes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spatula?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spear,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pierce or throw.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a sharp point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spectacles,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To improve vision.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the face?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object eyeglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spittoon,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic metal  or glass.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object see through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold plants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for waste?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage disposal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container for recycling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large container for waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for holding cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used to hold art supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container that is stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a septic tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cistern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large container for holding water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used to hold items in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ashtray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a place to dispose of hazardous materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for a specific type of waste?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object hold batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold needles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for printer toner cartridges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold medicine?	Oracle said: No.	
spool,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic wood  or metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container used for liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the container small enough to fit in a drawer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the container have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to hold small parts or components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used to organize items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container designed to be carried?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container used in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a desk organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a storage bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a pencil holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container a wastebasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for holding craft supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold something for display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold books?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container for small office supplies  like paperclips or staples?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a storage container for electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a simple open container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the container specialized for a particular purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the purpose related to hobbies or games?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it related to organization of documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it related to collecting something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold a specific type of collectible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold model trains?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to hold coins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have compartments?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold screws  nails  or other hardware?	Oracle said: No.	
spoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
squeegee,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rubber and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is it typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean floors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean windows?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a squeegee.	Oracle said: Correct.	
stagecoach,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of propulsion?	Oracle said: Pulled by animals.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the carriage primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the carriage a specific type like a stagecoach or a covered wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stair,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow someone to go up or down.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Wood stone  or metal.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can it be used outside?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stapler,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten sheets of paper together.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the plastic component?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal component visible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plastic component primarily for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stapler.	Oracle said: Correct.	
statue,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be looked at.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: Correct.	
statuette,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's size or typical dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a statue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a practical use beyond decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Is it a natural stone formation or has it been altered by humans?	Oracle said: has it been altered by humans?	Guesser said: Is it a mosaic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a carving?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the carving typically depict?	Oracle said: It does not depict anything.	Guesser said: What is the size of the carving relative to a human? Is it very large  small  or average?	Oracle said: Small	Guesser said: Is the carving part of a larger structure or is it a standalone object?	Oracle said: It is a standalone object.	Guesser said: Is the carving polished?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the carving a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the carving a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the carving a decorative item for a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the carving an ornament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ornament a figurine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small  stone figurine.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the subject of the figurine? (e.g.  animal  person  abstract shape)	Oracle said: Person	Guesser said: Is the figurine a bust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a full-body figure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the person depicted a specific individual  or a generic representation?	Oracle said: A generic representation.	Guesser said: Is the figure clothed or unclothed?	Oracle said: Unclothed.	Guesser said: Is the figure male or female?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the figure in a natural pose or a stylized pose?	Oracle said: Stylized.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small  stylized  unclothed  stone figurine of a person.	Oracle said: Correct.	
stencil,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To create a pattern or design.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from plastic or metal.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to create a pattern or design on a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a professional or artistic setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stethoscope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to sounds within a body.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size and shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and rubber.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where is this object typically used?	Oracle said: In a medical setting.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part shiny or dull?	Oracle said: Shiny	Guesser said: Is the object a stethoscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stiletto,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the feet.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of leather metal  and rubber.	Guesser said: Does the object have laces?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object used for work  sports  or fashion?	Oracle said: Fashion	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of boot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a heel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stiletto?	Oracle said: Correct.	
stilt,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To elevate the user.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a playground item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object rectangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object circular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object triangular?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevated walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diving board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a viewing platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a retaining wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a raised garden bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other function besides elevating the user?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden climbing frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a viewing tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pedestal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of stairs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a structure for observing wildlife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple wooden stool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform for a specific activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the activity?	Oracle said: I am not an activity.	Guesser said: Does the activity involve water?	Oracle said: No.	
stirrup,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object natural or man-made?	Oracle said: Man-made	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or form and if so  what is it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape or form of the object?	Oracle said: It is a loop.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used alone  or in conjunction with other things?	Oracle said: In conjunction with other things.	Guesser said: Is the object generally stationary  or does it move?	Oracle said: It moves.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a chain.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be seen by a large amount of people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide support for a person or animal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object act as a barrier or enclosure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a fixed point of attachment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a swing set.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the function of the loop in the object?	Oracle said: To hold a foot.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stirrup.	Oracle said: Correct.	
stocking,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes or forms of the object?	Oracle said: It is often cylindrical.	Guesser said: What are some common sizes of the object?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal use industrial purposes  or something else?	Oracle said: Personal use.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features or embellishments that are commonly found on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily moved or carried?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to contain a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reusable shopping bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object is kept in when not in use?	Oracle said: A drawer.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be opened and closed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pillowcase.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined opening or entrance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be cleaned or washed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a laundry bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any association with food or eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reusable garment bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store or protect clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often used when traveling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing clothing long term?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cloth storage container  perhaps for socks or underwear.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical lifespan of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with exercise or physical activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be lightweight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fabric storage container for folded clothes.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or any way to be carried?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a dust bag for shoes.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often given as a gift?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a gift bag.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the relative size of the object to the size of a human hand? (e.g. smaller  larger  same)	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a closet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect something from dust?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a garment bag for a suit or dress.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure mechanism  such as a zipper or button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect something from getting wet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with the transportation of goods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a single solid piece of fabric or is it constructed of multiple pieces sewn together?	Oracle said: Constructed of multiple pieces sewn together.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be seen or is it hidden?	Oracle said: Hidden.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with bedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something that is also made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pillow sham.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any relationship to travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object intended to be thrown away after one use?	Oracle said: No.	
stool,44,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a classroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a waiting room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a library?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a theater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a doctor's office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a museum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a government building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a school?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a restaurant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a church?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hotel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the home is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in the home.	Guesser said: Is the object used for leisure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a backrest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have armrests?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's seat?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a dining room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a garage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a hallway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a foyer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a playroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting at a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a stool.	Oracle said: Correct.	
storybook,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or use?	Oracle said: To be read.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical material?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object have pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.	
stove,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object heated?	Oracle said: With electricity or gas.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any coils or heating elements that are visible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toaster oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside.	Guesser said: Is the object a waffle iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of food is cooked in the object?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: Does the object cook food by direct contact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a griddle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple cooking surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a panini press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cook food by pressing it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deep fryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a food warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a broiler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sandwich maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object rotate food while cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a restaurant setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a timer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a convection oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use steam to cook food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rice cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make toast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an air fryer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a George Foreman Grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a digital display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slow cooker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cook food from all sides?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a countertop rotisserie oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air popcorn maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object a combination of cooking methods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave convection oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric skillet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a non-stick surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require assembly?	Oracle said: No.	
straightjacket,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To restrain someone.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object? (Provide a range like "between 1 and 2 meters long")	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily moved or transported?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object primarily restrain?	Oracle said: Torso and arms.	Guesser said: Is the object a straight jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
strap,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To secure or fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Does the object have a loop or a knot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any parts that are rigid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a strap?	Oracle said: Correct.	
string,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is not made of material.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any electronic components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges or points?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people at the same time?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Does the object have any writing on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the writing on the object intended to be read or to be used for decoration?	Oracle said: Intended to be read.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulletin board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of stationary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of office furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the writing on the object contain numbers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the writing on the object in a foreign language?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a memo pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a planner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a filing cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Post-it note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Rolodex?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thesaurus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	
strongbox,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used for food storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for tools?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box used for storing valuables?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the box?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the box commonly carried around?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box used in an office setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the box a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the box a strongbox?	Oracle said: Correct	
stucco,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a protective and decorative coating for walls and other surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What materials is this object made of?	Oracle said: Cement sand  water  and lime.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stucco?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suit,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What part of the body is the object worn on?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	Guesser said: Is it an article of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a jumpsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a button-down shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a pair of overalls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a work shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a suit jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suitcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials it is made of?	Oracle said: It is made of leather fabric  or plastic.	Guesser said: Does it have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a suitcase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sundial,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a circular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sundress,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs on it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any closures or fasteners?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the dress have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the dress short?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the dress a sundress?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunglass,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sunglasses?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunglasses,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the lenses?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Are the lenses transparent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have arms that go over the ears?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of sunglasses.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunlamp,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to common household objects?	Oracle said: It is of a moderate size.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for decorative purposes  practical purposes  or both?	Oracle said: Practical purposes.	Guesser said: Is the light emitted by the object a single color or multiple colors?	Oracle said: Multiple colors.	Guesser said: What is the general source of power for the object?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a light bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fluorescent lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate lifespan of the light emitted by the object  relative to a standard incandescent lightbulb?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a neon sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be turned on and off with a switch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lava lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light emitted continuous or does it change?	Oracle said: Continuous.	Guesser said: Is the object a color changing LED strip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative lamp with colored glass panels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a modern LED light fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disco ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stained glass lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fiber optic lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas light strand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plasma lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age of the object? (e.g.  new  old  antique)	Oracle said: New.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative  color-changing water fountain with lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mood lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a business setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily white when emitting light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative ceiling fixture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital clock with a color changing display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an illuminated advertisement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative light used for aromatherapy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a color-changing smart nightlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a theatrical stage light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a children's toy that emits light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to project a pattern of colored light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative  color-changing fountain with lights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to treat skin conditions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phototherapy lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a dermatologist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the treatment of acne?	Oracle said: Yes.	
sunroof,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To let light and air in.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
sunscreen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect from the sun.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of chemicals.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunscreen?	Oracle said: Correct.	
surfboard,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be used for recreation.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can the object be used by multiple people at once?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to propel a smaller object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fiberglass.	Guesser said: Is the object used on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a surfboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
suspender,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something up.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Elastic.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a simple shape or is it often complex?	Oracle said: Simple.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To hold up pants.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspender?	Oracle said: Correct	
swatch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To display a sample of something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric of the object transparent or opaque?	Oracle said: Opaque	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a placemat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tapestry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swatch of fabric?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweater,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in general terms (e.g.  small  large  etc.)?	Oracle said: Medium.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific features like closures (zippers  buttons  etc.) or pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of closures does the object have?	Oracle said: It does not have any closures.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweatpants,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Comfort and casual wear.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn on the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sweatpants?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sweatshirt,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object usually made of?	Oracle said: Cotton polyester  or a blend of both.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the long-sleeved shirt a thermal shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the long-sleeved shirt a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the shirt have buttons?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the neckline of the shirt?	Oracle said: Crew neck.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweatshirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
swimsuit,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn for swimming.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sword,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the blade's shape?	Oracle said: It is straight.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to cut?	Oracle said: It is typically used to cut.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a medical setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal shear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's cutting action?	Oracle said: It cuts.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object similar to scissors in how it cuts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal snip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cut using a sliding action?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut a specific type of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut sheet metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut bolts or rods?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut very thin metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a blacksmith?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the construction of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have two blades that come together to cut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of cutting tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve any sort of leverage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut metal for crafting or art projects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in plumbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a single straight blade that is moved to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a manufacturing setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool used by a specific trade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What trade uses the object?	Oracle said: Blacksmiths use the object.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut metal when it is hot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cold chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to trim the metal for a specific reason?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of punch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut a specific shape out of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for repair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a dull blade?	Oracle said: No.	
syringe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To inject or withdraw fluids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic or glass.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings or measurements on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the typical size range from smallest to largest  of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a needle or a nozzle?	Oracle said: needle	Guesser said: I guess the object is a syringe.	Oracle said: Correct.	
tablecloth,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a surface.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a tablecloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tailcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is it worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Does it cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a winter coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the sleeves?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is it a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it formal wear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tuxedo jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sports coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of wearing it aside from covering the torso? Is it for warmth  fashion  protection  or something else?	Oracle said: Fashion.	Guesser said: Is it a tailored jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bolero jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kimono?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a waistcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the collar?	Oracle said: It has a notched collar.	Guesser said: Is it a dinner jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a morning coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a frock coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a duster coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a smoking jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a denim jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a leather jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the coat? Is it hip-length  thigh-length  knee-length  or longer?	Oracle said: Longer.	Guesser said: Is it a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a maxi coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a military coat?	Oracle said: No.	
tambourine,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Does the object require air to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of a mallet or beater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tape,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To record and store audio or video.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tarmac,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object a road?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
tarp,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It can be larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheet of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sheet of plastic used to protect things from weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sheet of plastic a tarp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tassel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from fabric.	Guesser said: What colors are typically used in this object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is this object two-dimensional or three-dimensional?	Oracle said: Three-dimensional.	Guesser said: Is this object soft or hard?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is this object often found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly associated with a specific culture or historical period?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object typically mass-produced handcrafted  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Does the object often have a specific shape or form?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape or form of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically cylindrical.	Guesser said: I guess it is a decorative pillow.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical uses beyond decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object wearable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a pattern or design on it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess it is a fabric tube.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is this object usually stuffed with something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve the use of light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically rest on a surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it designed to be hung up?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a fabric garland.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is it a long object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a simple object or is it complex?	Oracle said: Simple.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ribbon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical texture of this object?	Oracle said: It is typically soft.	Guesser said: Does the object often have embellishments like beads or sequins?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess it is fabric streamers.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the hanging object usually attached to a wall or a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the hanging object often used for celebrations or events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any knots or joints?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved around?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of one continuous piece of fabric or multiple pieces sewn together?	Oracle said: Multiple pieces sewn together.	Guesser said: I guess it is fabric bunting.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly associated with a specific season or holiday?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any weight to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object intended to cover something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that is often played with?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any loops or rings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object often found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the primary function of the object to block something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess it is a fabric windsock.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object meant to be seen when in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object involve a frame or support structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decoration for a window?	Oracle said: No.	
teakettle,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or general form?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human? (e.g.  small  medium  large)	Oracle said: Medium	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity or another form of energy to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific type of metal is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: I am not primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: What other materials  besides metal  is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the kettle electric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the kettle heated by a stove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stovetop kettle.	Oracle said: Correct.	
teapot,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or capacity?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal ceramic  or glass.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the pot?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Is it a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a stockpot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mixing bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a Dutch oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the pot have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for cooking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a spout for pouring?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a teapot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telescope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To observe distant objects.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held or supported?	Oracle said: It is typically held or supported by a tripod or mount.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
terrycloth,39,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: What is the object usually used for?	Oracle said: It is usually used for drying.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used more than once?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you wear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal hygiene?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a loop or hook for hanging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bath mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reusable sanitary pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific texture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry your hair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair towel wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel for drying your body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headband used for drying hair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microfiber hair towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to dry a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object for drying your hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized drying mitt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth hand towel used in a bathroom  not a paper towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drying a baby's hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape beyond being cloth? Like  does it have a unique shape like a mitt or something similar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a gym or fitness setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of terry cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  soft  terry cloth cloth used for drying hands?	Oracle said: Correct.	
textbook,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide information.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human? (e.g. smaller  larger  about the same)	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed the object is a book.	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermos,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To keep things at a certain temperature.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions or size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what kind of environment or context is the object typically found or used?	Oracle said: It is typically found or used in a variety of environments including outdoors  at work  or at home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermos?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thong,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn on the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn on the upper body or lower body?	Oracle said: Lower body.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover both legs individually?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire lower body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the legs and extend up to the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover only a portion of the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric silk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric a synthetic material like nylon or polyester?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric a blend?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically visible when worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a stretchable material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: Correct.	
throne,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be sat upon.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal  or stone.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has an irregular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a back or arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the chair a rocking chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What style or period does the chair belong to?	Oracle said: I am not a chair.	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be sat upon.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood  metal  or stone.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a back or arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides sitting?	Oracle said: Power.	Guesser said: Is the object a throne?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thumbtack,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What shapes are common in the object's design?	Oracle said: Circle.	Guesser said: Is the object small enough to hold in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require any tools for use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thumbtack?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tiara,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is it made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: Is it used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it decorative?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tiara?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tightrope,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be walked on.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rope.	Guesser said: Is the object a tightrope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tights,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Nylon.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific design or pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the thickness of the object?	Oracle said: Thin.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any openings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the openings?	Oracle said: To allow the legs and feet to pass through.	Guesser said: Are there any specific features on the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire leg or just a portion?	Oracle said: Entire leg.	Guesser said: Are the openings at both ends?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tile,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To cover surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Square.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a tile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
timber,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide structural support.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can you describe the object's typical shape or general form?	Oracle said: It is typically long and rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a component of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it part of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a shed or a similar small structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a part of a larger structure such as a house or a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it part of the roof structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a support for the walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a porch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam used to support the weight of a deck or patio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of timber used in landscaping or gardening  like a retaining wall element?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tinfoil,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wrap food.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal a precious metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal a common metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the metal?	Oracle said: Silver.	Guesser said: Is it aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct	
tinsel,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of this object?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What materials is this object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does this object often have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object serve a practical purpose beyond decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object mass-produced?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative magnet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative trinket?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic or metal?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative keychain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative hair clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative sculpture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes that this object can be?	Oracle said: It can be a string.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative necklace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative bracelet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a decorative chain.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain typically worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain a part of something larger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chain meant to be displayed rather than hidden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative chain for a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain used to hang something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chain used in fashion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chain used for a pet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative chain for a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of decorative furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain a part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative chain  like on a ceiling fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the chain have any practical purpose besides decoration  like holding something closed or together?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chain a decorative component of a small  mass-produced item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the decorative chain used as a craft supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the chain very thin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the chain part of a larger piece of art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a decorative trim for a decorative object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it decorative trim for a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it decorative trim for a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it decorative trim for a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it decorative trim for a piece of jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a purse or wallet?	Oracle said: No.	
toboggan,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be used for recreation.	Guesser said: In what setting is this object typically used for recreation?	Oracle said: Cold weather.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or general form?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object designed to move across snow or ice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used while standing or sitting?	Oracle said: Sitting.	Guesser said: Does the object have any runners or skis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a steering mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there multiple runners/skis  or just two?	Oracle said: Just two.	Guesser said: Is the object used by more than one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of skis designed for cross country skiing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a double-seated toboggan?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toga,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: What material is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape or form of this object?	Oracle said: It is a cloth.	Guesser said: What parts of the body is this object typically worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is this object typically worn by one gender more than the other?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object cover most of the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a wrap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical use for this wrap?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Is this wrap decorative or practical?	Oracle said: Practical.	Guesser said: Is this a medical wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a blanket wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a type of apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a towel wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a cover-up worn over a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this wrap? Is it rectangular square  circular  etc.?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a large piece of fabric used to wrap around the torso and worn for warmth or protection from the elements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this a piece of fabric worn for warmth or protection  but not specifically a blanket  shawl  or scarf?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this wrap a garment designed for warmth or a garment designed for a specific activity?	Oracle said: A garment designed for a specific activity.	Guesser said: Is this wrap a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this wrap used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this wrap associated with a profession?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this wrap a decorative garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this wrap a piece of fabric used in a performance or ceremony?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this a toga?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tomahawk,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a head.	Guesser said: Is the handle made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cutting primarily wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part of the object sharp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the handle long?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part a blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hatchet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the blade have a point?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for shaping wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut rope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a guard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade a full tang?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box cutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade serrated?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carving knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pruning knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trimming knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade fixed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wood chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade straight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gouge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoke shave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a folding knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cut by pushing or pulling?	Oracle said: Pulling.	Guesser said: Is the object a froe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to split wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a splitting axe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a splitting maul?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a froe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bark spud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawknife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a splitting wedge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used with a mallet or hammer?	Oracle said: No.	
tongs,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To grasp or hold objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle or any other part designed for gripping?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking or food preparation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utensil used for eating?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tongs?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toolbox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To store and organize tools.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size range from smallest to largest?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or handles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toothbrush,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To clean teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the material or materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic nylon.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toothpick,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To clean between teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and thin.	Guesser said: Does the object have any bristles or fibers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothpick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
topcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What are the common materials used in the construction of this object?	Oracle said: Wool cashmere  and various synthetic fabrics.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it typically worn on?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the coat?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the coat typically extend below the knees?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat typically extend to the waist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of a material that is typically water resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a trench coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a parka?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a peacoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat primarily designed for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a duffle coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style or design of the coat? Is it a very specific style or just a general type of coat?	Oracle said: It is a general type of coat.	Guesser said: Is it a more formal or casual type of coat?	Oracle said: Formal.	Guesser said: Is the coat made of wool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Chesterfield coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a notched collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Balmacaan coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a single-breasted or double-breasted design?	Oracle said: Double-breasted.	Guesser said: Is the coat a polo coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Paletot coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a frock coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a greatcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a cape coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a Crombie coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a hacking jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a car coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a stroller coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a full-length coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat knee-length?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have patch pockets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the coat have flap pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the coat have a back vent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat navy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat grey?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat a color commonly found in menswear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the coat beige or tan?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What colors are commonly used in the construction of the coat?	Oracle said: Black  navy  and gray are commonly used.	Guesser said: Is the coat a single breasted overcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the coat an overcoat?	Oracle said: Yes.	
torch,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external energy source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object receive its external energy source?	Oracle said: It uses fuel.	Guesser said: Is the fuel a solid  liquid  or gas?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: Is the metal shiny?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a wick?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kerosene lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate age?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the solid fuel contained within the cylindrical shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any glass components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the solid fuel something that is lit on fire to provide light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the wick?	Oracle said: To burn.	Guesser said: Is the solid fuel consumed as the object provides light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of flare?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for signaling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to start a fire by providing light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce a flame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire starter for a camp stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a protective casing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for single use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the solid fuel a part of the wick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the solid fuel something that the wick is used to light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the solid fuel a part of the object  or something separate?	Oracle said: Something separate.	Guesser said: Is the object used in conjunction with something else to start a fire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use friction to create light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magnifying glass used to concentrate sunlight on tinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferro rod?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
toupee,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover a bald spot.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Hair.	Guesser said: Is the hair from a human?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What color is the hair?	Oracle said: It has a variety of colors.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to the head?	Oracle said: It is attached to the head with adhesive or clips.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toupee?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tourniquet,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To stop blood flow.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Rubber or fabric.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Does the object come in different sizes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object reusable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tourniquet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
towel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To absorb liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common sizes of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
towline,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To pull something.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rope.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I win!	Oracle said: Correct.	
toy,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play with.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trampoline,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for jumping.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric metal  and springs.	Guesser said: Is the object often found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object usually a solid color or does it have designs?	Oracle said: It has designs.	Guesser said: Is it used by one person at a time or multiple?	Oracle said: Multiple.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreation or for something else?	Oracle said: Recreation	Guesser said: Is the object a trampoline?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trapeze,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be swung on.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the metal part of the object?	Oracle said: It is a shape.	Guesser said: Can the metal part be described as a specific geometric shape like a circle  square  or triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the metal part attached to the wooden part?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object? (e.g.  small enough to hold in your hand  human-sized  larger than a car)	Oracle said: Human-sized.	Guesser said: Is the metal part used for gripping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part the part that makes contact with the ground?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wooden part have a specific shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden part a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the wooden part a seat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the wooden part connect to the metal part?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wooden part a pole or stick?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require more than one person to use it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part a loop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf club?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball bat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve rope or chain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of playground equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal part a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the metal part a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-person swing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a seesaw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a climbing frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trapeze?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tray,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold or carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or range of sizes?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: It is commonly made from metal wood  plastic  or glass.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a handle or handles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for food  drinks  or general storage?	Oracle said: General storage.	Guesser said: Is it a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a basket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a container of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the container?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is it a storage cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tray?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tricycle,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is it a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it typically used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Does it require fuel to operate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it primarily for personal or commercial use?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Is it a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a human-powered vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have more than two wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a tricycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trident,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To pierce or stab.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for hunting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for defense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sewing needle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pushpin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger tool or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weapon designed for close combat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dagger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spike?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of arrow head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punch dagger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stiletto?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a broadhead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bodkin arrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shiv?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a awl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal stake?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal spike used for ice climbing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon commonly used in the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool or weapon used in a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in fencing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in archery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a martial art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fencing foil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a metal ice pick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized weapon used for hunting specific animals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hunt whales?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hunt fish?	Oracle said: Yes.	
tripod,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide support.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to support?	Oracle said: A camera.	Guesser said: Is the object typically made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tripod?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trombone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trombone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trouser,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the legs.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined waist area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are there two separate leg coverings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by one gender more than another?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have pockets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pockets on the front or the back?	Oracle said: Front.	Guesser said: Are the pants blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants denim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of a material typically worn in a work environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color are the pants?	Oracle said: I am not a pair of pants.	Guesser said: Are the pants part of a set like a suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants typically worn for recreational activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants formal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a neutral color  like black or gray?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants slacks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants khaki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of a material that wrinkles easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants chinos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants corduroy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of linen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants polyester?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of a blend of materials?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Are the pants made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Do the pants have a zipper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Do the pants have belt loops?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Do the pants have a pleat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants straight leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants boot cut?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants wide leg?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a skinny fit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a slim fit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a relaxed fit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants capri pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants cropped?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants long?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants dress pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants cargo pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants yoga pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants work pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants chinos?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants a formal style?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants jeans?	Oracle said: No.	
trumpet,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held in the hand while in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kazoo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trunks,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Typically used by one person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plank of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picnic table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to carry?	Oracle said: It is typically used to carry things.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a platform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a step?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trough?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garden bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boardwalk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a log?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a section of a wooden floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden walkway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden form for concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden swing set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden deck?	Oracle said: No.	
tub,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily transported?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tuba,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human's hand.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a complex shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location where it is typically found?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to produce sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuba?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turban,33,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically round.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Does the object have a brim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headscarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sun hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to protect the head from the sun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any additional features or decorations?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the common additional features or decorations?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with a particular profession or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What profession or activity is it associated with?	Oracle said: It is associated with a profession or activity.	Guesser said: Is the object a chef's hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction worker's helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sailor's hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pilot's cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific pattern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a visor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape are the decorations?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of any decorations.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object associated with any specific culture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Which culture is it associated with?	Oracle said: South Asian.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turntable,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To play records.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a needle or stylus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Correct.	
turtleneck,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn as clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What are some common colors of the object?	Oracle said: Black white  and gray are common colors.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men  women  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the shirt a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a pullover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sweater made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater made of cotton?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the sweater?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: Is the sweater made of fleece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sweater a turtleneck?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tux,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn on the head torso  or limbs?	Oracle said: Torso.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape or form of the object?	Oracle said: It has a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn by people of all ages?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn by men or women?	Oracle said: Men	Guesser said: Is it typically worn as part of a uniform?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for protection  warmth  or aesthetics?	Oracle said: Aesthetics.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-sleeved shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general style of the object? (e.g.  casual  formal  athletic)	Oracle said: Formal	Guesser said: Is the object part of a suit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it the jacket of the suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it the trousers of the suit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waistcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cummerbund?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuxedo shirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tuxedo,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and weight relative to the body?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wool silk  and satin.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any practical purpose beyond being worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the garment underclothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the head?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the feet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bustier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a halter top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a girdle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a chemise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bodice?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cuirass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bolero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shrug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a waistcoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a leotard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bralette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tabard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tube top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a toga?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sarong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a bandeau?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a crop top?	Oracle said: No.	
typewriter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To write.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require ink to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have keys or a keyboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a typewriter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ukulele,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound through vibration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the wood used in its construction carved or formed?	Oracle said: Formed	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Oval.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ukulele?	Oracle said: Correct.	
umbrella,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide protection from rain.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically held or worn?	Oracle said: Held.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's common color or pattern?	Oracle said: It can be many colors or patterns.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a walking stick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed tip?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella?	Oracle said: Correct.	
undercoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What are the common materials the object is made from?	Oracle said: Wool cotton  or synthetic fibers.	Guesser said: What shape is the object typically?	Oracle said: It does not have a typical shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be large enough to cover a human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used during the winter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an afghan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object considered fashionable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically associated with a particular occupation or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be waterproof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeping bag liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large  loose shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heated blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long underwear top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weighted blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of mittens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bedspread?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific patterns or designs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific sport or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long sleeve shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	
underpants,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common colors of the object?	Oracle said: It can be many colors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by one person or more than one person?	Oracle said: One person.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the upper or lower part of the body?	Oracle said: Lower.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn on the legs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the underwear typically worn by women or men?	Oracle said: It is typically worn by men.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boxer shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boxer briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any special features  such as pockets or a fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jockstrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long johns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of compression shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic supporters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical length of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be described as "loose fitting?"	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of silk underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an elastic waistband?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tighty whities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any kind of opening for the legs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the length of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing worn by a baby or infant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a robe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of long underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a g-string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: Lower.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct waistline?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined leg opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of thermal underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any embellishments like lace or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of boy shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily worn for comfort  or for support?	Oracle said: For comfort.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of athletic shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diaper?	Oracle said: No.	
undershirt,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To absorb sweat and provide a layer of clothing between the skin and outer garments.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any fasteners like buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a t-shirt.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men  women  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object typically white?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn under other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a singlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the entire torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a long-sleeve undershirt?	Oracle said: Correct.	
underwear,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cover the body.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the clothing an outer garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the clothing cover the entire body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: Correct.	
unicycle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal and rubber.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be ridden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of wheels the object has?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
uniform,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: On what part of the body is it typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn for protection fashion  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn on the torso?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it jewelry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically worn over other clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a corset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a sash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it armor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary decorative feature of the object?	Oracle said: It has no primary decorative feature.	Guesser said: Does it have any closures  such as buttons or zippers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of closure does it have?	Oracle said: It does not have a closure.	Guesser said: Does it stay on the body through the use of another article of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a vest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a poncho?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cloak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the sleeves long or short?	Oracle said: Long.	Guesser said: Is it a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tunic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a hood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it cover the arms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a bodysuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a wrap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it outerwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have an opening for the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it designed to be loose fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have a collar?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it form fitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cardigan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a blouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dress shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a suit jacket?	Oracle said: No.	
urinal,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To receive liquid waste.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Public restroom.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a urinal?	Oracle said: Correct.	
urn,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to contain liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a jar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a canister?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for incense?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for containing things related to beauty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative urn?	Oracle said: Correct.	
utensil,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To eat with.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  or wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a long  thin shape.	Guesser said: Is it a utensil?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vase,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the usual shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object see-through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to contain liquid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vent,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow the passage of air.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: Inside a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a structural component of the building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vent?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vest,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual form or shape?	Oracle said: It is usually form fitting.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: It is commonly made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of this object on a person?	Oracle said: On the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: Correct.	
violin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To produce music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: It is typically small and has a curved shape.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: Correct.	
visor,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the eyes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically see-through?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Are there any specific colors associated with the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn on the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is sunglasses.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Are there any other materials used in the construction of the object besides plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any components that extend away from the main part?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used in water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece  or is it made of multiple pieces joined together?	Oracle said: Single piece.	Guesser said: Does the object sit directly on the eyes  or is there something that separates it from the eyes?	Oracle said: There is something that separates it from the eyes.	Guesser said: Is the object usually held in place by something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ability to change its appearance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object prescription?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a face shield.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the larger item that the object is a part of?	Oracle said: A helmet.	Guesser said: I guess the object is the visor on a helmet.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wagon,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object powered by humans  or a motor?	Oracle said: Powered by humans.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for recreation  or primarily for work?	Oracle said: Commonly used for recreation  or primarily for work?	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size in terms of how many people can use it at a time?	Oracle said: More than one.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
waistband,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold up clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a band.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other features besides being a band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the other features of the object?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the band part of a larger object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the larger object used for?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Does the band go around the waist?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band part of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band have any buckles or fasteners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there any pockets on the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other features besides being a band that goes around the waist as part of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the other features?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the band have any elastic properties?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants leggings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants trousers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the pants underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What style of pants are they?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of pants.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the larger object used for?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a garment worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band go around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band go around the wrist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band go around the ankle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band part of a sleeve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other features besides being a band made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the other features decorative?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the band attached to?	Oracle said: Clothes.	Guesser said: Is the object a garter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band part of a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweatband?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band part of a garment that is a single piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the band connect two pieces of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the larger object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band part of a strap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cuff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object touch the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that covers the torso?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a waistband?	Oracle said: Correct.	
waistcoat,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn.	Guesser said: Where on the body is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Fabric	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have sleeves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single piece?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object usually worn indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object formal or informal?	Oracle said: Formal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by men women  or both?	Oracle said: Both	Guesser said: Is the object a vest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
wallboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface for writing or displaying information.	Guesser said: What is the typical size and shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a chalkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Nails.	Guesser said: Is the object a bulletin board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other common uses besides writing or displaying information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common way to attach things to the object?	Oracle said: It can be attached with nails.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whiteboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board used for a specific craft or project?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for to display information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a writing desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of information is displayed on the object?	Oracle said: Information.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden easel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical thickness of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specialized features or components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall-mounted display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cubicle wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corkboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden display stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture designed to hold papers or notes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden backing board for something like a picture frame or a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to writing or drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden panel used for a specific purpose in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nameplate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for displaying information in a meeting room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative wooden panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to any type of storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden component in a piece of office equipment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple piece of wood used for a temporary display of information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the creation of something else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of something larger?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a wooden model?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden template?	Oracle said: No.	
wallet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather fabric  or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a closure mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the most common use of the object?	Oracle said: To hold money.	Guesser said: Is the object a wallet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wand,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To perform magic.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a wand?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wardrobe,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or opening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific purpose or use beyond simply storing things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office environment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trunk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object hold clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washbasin,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: It can be round square  or rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen or a bathroom?	Oracle said: Bathroom	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific place it sits or is affixed to?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's method of holding water?	Oracle said: It holds water by being a container.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sink.	Oracle said: Correct.	
washboard,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials this object is commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood metal.	Guesser said: Is this object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is it commonly used in a kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: Bathroom	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a toilet brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it involve bristles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a squeegee?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What shape is the cleaning surface of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl cleaner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean mirrors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean the floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld cleaning tool used to clean the sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld cleaning tool used on a countertop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld cleaning tool used on the bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld cleaning tool used on the shower walls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld soap dish with a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld cleaning tool designed for cleaning a particular part of the bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object actually clean?	Oracle said: Clothes.	Guesser said: Is it a clothes brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a handheld tool used for scrubbing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a washboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washbowl,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Does the object require water to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toilet bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubbing brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate diameter of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used on?	Oracle said: A counter.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic sink stopper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic trivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic tile for a counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic coaster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes in it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic cleaning disc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold anything?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to hold water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic bowl used for washing?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washcloth,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object use water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the fabric the object is made of absorbent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object come in a roll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to clean surfaces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaning cloth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
washrag,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Cloth.	Guesser said: Is the cloth absorbent?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a specifically shaped cloth like a specific type of glove or a mitten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used wet or dry?	Oracle said: Wet.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning cloth/rag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a specific type of cleaning cloth  like a microfiber cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically used with a cleaning solution?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a dishcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cleaning wipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dust cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a floor cloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a washcloth?	Oracle said: Correct.	
washstand,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object? (Rough estimate is fine).	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other features or characteristics that are relevant to its function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's use case?	Oracle said: To wash.	Guesser said: Is the object a washboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other objects is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: Soap.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a sink or wash basin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any texture to it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrubbing board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to absorb water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to wash a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bath brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for washing dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you hold in your hand while washing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a bath?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any holes or perforations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific part of the body is the object most often used to wash?	Oracle said: Hands.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden block used for hand washing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a cleaning system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object come into contact with soap directly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that soap is placed *on* during the washing process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden soap holder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sponge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a loofah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden washcloth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the structure of a hand washing station?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any decorative purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden soap dish?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific named design or shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden scrub brush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden chopping board used for cutting soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed to be kept in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object commonly come into contact with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative piece of wood placed near a sink to prevent soap from damaging the surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden bar for hanging a towel  intended for use near a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wooden box or crate used to hold cleaning supplies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  flat piece of wood used as a trivet or coaster  sometimes used to protect surfaces from soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plaque that is decorative and near a sink?	Oracle said: No.	
washtub,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To wash things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the usual size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wash a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wash a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to wash dishes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to wash a building or structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used to wash clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it typically used in a public space?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wash tub?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wastebasket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To contain waste.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size or typical dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  or wicker.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or covering?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wastebasket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
watchband,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something in place.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be found indoors outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What are some common shapes the object can take?	Oracle said: Rectangle  circle.	Guesser said: Is the object typically small or large?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Does the object require any additional tools or components to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object often transparent or translucent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object flexible or rigid?	Oracle said: Flexible.	Guesser said: Is the object a band?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the band an elastic band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the band made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the band a hose clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wristwatch band?	Oracle said: Correct.	
weeds,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To grow.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Green.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the plant a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant produce a fruit or vegetable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the plant have flowers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the plant is most visible?	Oracle said: The leaves.	Guesser said: Is the plant grass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a bush?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a vine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant used as a food source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a fern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a moss?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant found in a forest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant found in a garden?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the plant have thorns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a type of herb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant something people would walk on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the plant a weed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weed a dandelion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weed broadleaf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weed a type of clover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weed common in lawns?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the weed crabgrass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weed a type of thistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the weed creeping charlie?	Oracle said: Correct	
wheel,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To facilitate movement.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheelbarrow,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on rails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by a machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pushed by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelbarrow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wheelchair,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide mobility.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object something a person can ride on?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object typically have?	Oracle said: Four.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: Correct.	
whetstone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To sharpen things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: Is the object a sharpening stone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sharpening stone.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wig,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To change or enhance a person's hair.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Hair.	Guesser said: What are the common colors of the object?	Oracle said: Black brown  blonde  red.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windowpane,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To allow light to pass through.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To see through.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pane of glass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass used in a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass a part of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a display case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skylight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greenhouse panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass part of an aquarium?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel cover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass table top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective sheet for a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a side panel of a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microscope slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shop front window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the pane of glass?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the context of the object's use? Is it typically found in a home a business  or outdoors?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a storm window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the pane of glass part of a fireplace screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a protective cover for a picture on a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block used for decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small pane of glass used in a cabinet door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window in a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel in a kitchen cabinet door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pane in a table lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a decorative glass panel in a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass panel for a shower enclosure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pane used in a decorative room divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass shelf in a refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pane of glass in a sliding glass door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass pane in a storm door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the glass pane in the home?	Oracle said: To let light in.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass block used for natural lighting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greenhouse window?	Oracle said: No.	
windowsill,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a surface.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cutting board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond providing a surface?	Oracle said: It can provide a barrier.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a decorative purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical thickness?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door stop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden board used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What would the object be used for?	Oracle said: It can be used for placing objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a tray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floorboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object siding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of plywood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a window frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden paneling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a support beam for a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific purpose related to insulation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden plank used in the construction of a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sill plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rafter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sheathing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a header?	Oracle said: No.	
windscreen,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect against wind.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find this object?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windshield,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To protect against wind.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved or is it fixed in place?	Oracle said: Fixed in place.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides protecting against wind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the other functions of the object?	Oracle said: It protects the occupants of a vehicle from the elements.	Guesser said: Is the object a windshield?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wineglass,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for drinking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wine glass?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wire,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To conduct electricity.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is this object a wire?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wok,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Cooking.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Bowl-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the metal iron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a stove top?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a saucepan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wok?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wool,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape or form?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape or form.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture or feel?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object could be made of?	Oracle said: The object could be made of wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine or tool used in the clothing-making process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a finished product?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn directly against the skin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garment or part of a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component used in making a garment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object often found in a garment but is not a structural part of the garment itself? (e.g.  a decorative element)	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in clothing to provide warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect against the weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lining used in a garment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to stuff a garment to provide warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of insulation used in clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of insulation  like down or a synthetic fiber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide warmth without being a lining or a filling?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a garment designed for winter activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a material sewn into the inside of a garment to add warmth?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wool fabric?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workbench,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide a stable and organized surface for work.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have any drawers or compartments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How large is the object approximately  in terms of its dimensions (length  width  and height)?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for *within* the context of providing a stable and organized surface for work?	Oracle said: A stable and organized surface for work.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbench?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workbook,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record information.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for writing and storing information.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the cover made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have many pages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a spiral binding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to take notes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for official documentation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a file folder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ledger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to store financial records?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tax return?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a checkbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the process of making a financial transaction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record of employee hours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bound document?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a certificate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a table of contents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bound collection of financial statements?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a business to record data?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a log book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to record inventory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a corporate charter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bound set of meeting minutes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portfolio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any legal information?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gradebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to education?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbook?	Oracle said: Correct.	
workstation,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To perform work.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for this object?	Oracle said: It is used for tasks such as software development data analysis  and graphic design.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of computer is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of computer.	Guesser said: Is it a desktop computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess a desktop computer.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the computer used in a professional environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a high-performance workstation?	Oracle said: Correct.	
wristband,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To be worn on the body.	Guesser said: What part of the body is it typically worn on?	Oracle said: Wrist.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of rubber silicone  or fabric.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a screen or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function or purpose  if any?	Oracle said: It can be used for fashion.	Guesser said: Is the object a bracelet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess it is a bracelet.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the bracelet decorative or functional  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does the bracelet have any unique features or characteristics beyond being decorative and wearable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bracelet primarily marketed towards a specific demographic (e.g.  age group  gender)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bracelet typically worn for a specific occasion or activity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess it is a rubber bracelet.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the bracelet have any specific markings or designs on it  such as words  symbols  or patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the bracelet a common or mass-produced item  or is it more likely to be handmade or a unique design?	Oracle said: Common or mass-produced item.	Guesser said: Considering it's mass produced  and worn on the wrist  is it flexible?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the bracelet typically have a clasp or closure mechanism  or is it a continuous loop?	Oracle said: It is a continuous loop.	Guesser said: I guess it's a silicone wristband.	Oracle said: Correct.	
wristwatch,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal glass  and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or another power source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the watch?	Oracle said: To tell time.	Guesser said: Is the watch electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the watch analog?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of material is the band of the watch made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the watch round?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal analog wristwatch.	Oracle said: Correct.	
xylophone,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object usually held or played with?	Oracle said: Played with.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require air to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
yearbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To record memories and information.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a professional setting a personal setting  or both?	Oracle said: A personal setting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a photo album?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a diary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a letter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receipt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a greeting card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sketchpad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of origami?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily destroyed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have writing or images on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handwritten recipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal check?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shopping list?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ticket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object often contain information that is considered secret or private?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically a single sheet or multiple sheets bound together?	Oracle said: Multiple sheets bound together.	Guesser said: Is the object a book of poetry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printed storybook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a workbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a collection of short stories?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coloring book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a comic book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperback novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cookbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pamphlet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain primarily images or primarily text?	Oracle said: Primarily text.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictionary?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a children's book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a school textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a self-help book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reference book?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a novel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a legal document?	Oracle said: No.	
yoke,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To join two things together.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Curved.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object require any other object to be used in conjunction with it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the other object that is used in conjunction with it?	Oracle said: A plow.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoke?	Oracle said: Correct.	
zipper,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fasten things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Linear.	Guesser said: Is the object reusable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bolt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staple?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to your hand?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Does the object require any tools to use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object magnetic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a safety pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Does the object bend or flex?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a twist tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sharp edges?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber band?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zip tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object string?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What specific type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: I am not made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object made of multiple pieces?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rivet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material used to make up the different pieces of the object?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  and fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a snap fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hook and eye closure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toggle clasp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zipper?	Oracle said: Correct.	
airplane,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Large.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
airship,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: Does the object travel through air water  or land?	Oracle said: Air.	Guesser said: Is the object a living thing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Long	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed end?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have engines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refueling tanker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for delivering mail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for spraying crops?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry people?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific purpose for carrying people?	Oracle said: To carry people.	Guesser said: Does the object carry a large number of people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple decks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers for a specialized purpose  such as sightseeing or tourism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for government or state travel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for emergency services  such as transporting medical patients?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a highly specialized purpose for carrying a large number of people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a very large wingspan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a commuter plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct  easily recognizable shape or feature?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a very high cruising altitude?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the most distinct feature of the object?	Oracle said: It floats.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter-than-air aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a zeppelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of airship used for a specific function?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ambulance,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide medical assistance.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: It uses an engine.	Guesser said: What kind of environment is the object primarily used in?	Oracle said: Urban and rural environments.	Guesser said: Is the object mobile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically staffed by multiple people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have lights and sirens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: Correct	
ammunition,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To propel a projectile.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the projectile it launches a solid object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use an explosive charge?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment or sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the projectile reusable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nail gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flare gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cause damage or injury?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a military weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-shot weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a launcher for a specific type of projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rifled barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-shot weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tear gas gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of demolition device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a combat scenario?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object launch a small projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the projectile a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a shell casing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand-held signal flare launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of explosive device designed to be fired from a specific weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flare round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of explosive projectile for a specific type of weapon like a rifle-launched grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the projectile propelled by a chemical reaction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the projectile a specialized munition  such as a smoke round or a less-lethal round  designed for a specific weapon system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank firing adapter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a very small explosive device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be fired from a launcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a line-throwing gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small  single-use explosive device designed to breach a door or other barrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military to launch a projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breaching charge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a signal flare?	Oracle said: No.	
amplifier,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To amplify.	Guesser said: What kind of energy does it amplify?	Oracle said: Electrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the smallest version of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the largest version of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vacuum tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transistor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transformer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a modern electronic device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amplifier circuit?	Oracle said: Correct.	
antenna,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To receive or transmit radio signals.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is this object commonly found?	Oracle said: It is commonly found in various environments.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: What materials is this object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does this object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does this object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio antenna?	Oracle said: Correct.	
audiotape,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and magnetic material.	Guesser said: Is the object typically portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object record audio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use a tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the tape the object uses in a cassette?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable cassette recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dictaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a built-in microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object record audio from an external source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boombox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a voice recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have speakers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a portable tape player with a headphone jack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object also play audio from a different source besides the tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microcassette recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a carrying case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a children's toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a compartment for batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a standalone device or does it connect to another device?	Oracle said: Connects to another device.	Guesser said: Does the object connect via a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect wirelessly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect directly to another device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use any other medium besides magnetic tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used in a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object need a separate power source to function in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car stereo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to a car's audio system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a physical connection to a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require an adaptor to work in a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an adapter for a car's tape player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fit into a car's dashboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be placed in a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio cassette?	Oracle said: Correct	
automobile,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
barometer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To measure atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What materials is it typically made of?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass and metal.	Guesser said: Does it have a display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the display analog or digital?	Oracle said: Analog.	Guesser said: Is it a barometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
battleship,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in naval combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have the ability to move on the water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have guns or cannons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a battleship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bazooka,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Does the object require an external energy source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of projectiles does the object launch?	Oracle said: Explosives.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rifled barrel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical range of the projectiles launched by the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a single-shot weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a revolving cylinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket launcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld rocket launcher?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an RPG.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What type of energy source does the object use?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object shoulder-fired?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use a trigger to launch the projectile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recoilless rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bazooka.	Oracle said: Correct.	
beeper,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whistle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a noisemaker like a party favor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person can hold in their hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something bigger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be used to make sounds in different pitches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object make a sound when moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to produce sound when it interacts with another object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make a specific type of sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the specific type of sound the object makes?	Oracle said: Beep.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or switches?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smoke detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger machine or device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clicker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car key fob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound effect device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device that is used for safety?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object's beep sound have a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an educational context?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a signaling device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of equipment used in a manufacturing facility?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to technology?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger electronic device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a simple sensor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pager?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a testing device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object beep to indicate something is happening?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a battery operated device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something you would find on a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a healthcare setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a cash register?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component in a modern household?	Oracle said: No.	
blowtorch,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To apply heat.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be used indoors and outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a welding torch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What fuel source does the object typically use?	Oracle said: Gas.	Guesser said: Is the object a blowtorch?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boiler,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a complex shape.	Guesser said: Can you describe the size of the object?	Oracle said: It can vary in size.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a power source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a visible flame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use gas as a fuel source?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: To heat water.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boiler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bomb,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause destruction.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a handheld weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any form of ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ammunition also made of metal?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
boxcar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: On a railroad track.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I have guessed the object.	Oracle said: Correct.	
breathalyzer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure the alcohol content in a person's breath.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal  plastic  and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a digital display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a breathalyzer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bullet,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: To be fired from a gun.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
burner,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce heat.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of fuel or energy?	Oracle said: Gas.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To heat something.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a heating system in a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas range?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pilot light?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have more than one burner?	Oracle said: Correct.	
bus,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment or location where this object is most often found?	Oracle said: Roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does this object require fuel to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of this object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is this object typically enclosed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used for personal or public transportation?	Oracle said: Public.	Guesser said: Is this object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does this object have multiple levels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a bus?	Oracle said: Correct.	
buzzer,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a general shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To make a sound.	Guesser said: Is the sound it makes a musical sound?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of sound does it make?	Oracle said: Buzz.	Guesser said: Is the object a buzzer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
camcorder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record video.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the smallest size it is typically found in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the largest size it is typically found in?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lens?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a video camera.	Oracle said: Correct.	
camera,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To capture images.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Plastic metal  and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Correct.	
candle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: Does the object usually have a fixed shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a candle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cannon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require the user to apply force directly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use some form of explosive?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cannonball,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long narrow shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in warfare?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require explosives to launch projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of projectile does the object launch?	Oracle said: Cannonballs.	Guesser said: Is the object a siege engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a howitzer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Spherical.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger weapon system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of platform is the object typically mounted on?	Oracle said: I am not typically mounted on a platform.	Guesser said: Is the object found on a warship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a naval gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torpedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a depth charge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger weapon system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's role in the larger weapon system?	Oracle said: It is a projectile.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell for a naval gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannonball?	Oracle said: Correct.	
car,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: In what environments is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Roads.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  and rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object self-propelled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cartridge,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of something larger?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger thing the object is a part of?	Oracle said: A gun.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the trigger?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the firing pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell casing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the grip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the sights?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the gun is the object directly connected to?	Oracle said: The object is directly connected to the gun.	Guesser said: Is the object a screw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the body of the gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component used to attach another component?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a casing for the bullet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a cartridge?	Oracle said: Correct.	
cassette,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object battery powered?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: Correct.	
chainsaw,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the handle?	Oracle said: To hold.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a saw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the cutting edge of the object serrated?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to cut?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by more than one person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bow saw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the frame made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coping saw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the specific shape of the blade?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the blade fixed or does it move?	Oracle said: It moves.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a reciprocating saw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the blade wide or thin?	Oracle said: Thin	Guesser said: Does the object cut by abrasion or by having teeth?	Oracle said: by having teeth	Guesser said: Is the object designed to cut curves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hacksaw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the length of the blade?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the blade straight or curved?	Oracle said: Straight.	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object  small  medium  or large?	Oracle said: Medium	Guesser said: Is the saw used for cutting metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by carpenters?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a tailor or seamstress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a unique characteristic that distinguishes it from other saws?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is that unique characteristic?	Oracle said: It cuts.	Guesser said: Besides its cutting ability  what is its unique characteristic?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific blade design for a particular material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the blade designed for?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hacksaw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is most often used to cut?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a coping saw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the saw have a blade that can be easily replaced?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the blade under tension during use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade held in place by a frame?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the frame a C-shape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To cut things.	Guesser said: Does the blade have teeth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the teeth on one side of the blade  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the blade flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the blade wide or thin?	Oracle said: Thin	Guesser said: Does the object require any special tools or mechanisms to change the blade?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the frame adjustable to accommodate different blade lengths?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fret saw.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	
compass,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To determine direction.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the metal a ferrous metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use magnets?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a compass. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
computer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical form?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
defibrillator,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To save lives.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or any other form of power to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly carried on a person?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object interact with the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by medical professionals?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an emergency situation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object administer something to the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object measure something about the human body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a defibrillator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
detonator,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To initiate an explosion.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What size is the object in terms of length and diameter?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the typical components of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bomb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger weapon system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a detonator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dishwasher,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clean things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object relative to common household items?	Oracle said: It is larger than a microwave.	Guesser said: Is the object used with water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dishwasher?	Oracle said: Correct.	
doorbell,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To signal someone.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a weather vane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a railroad crossing signal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object found in? (e.g. urban rural  industrial  etc.)	Oracle said: Urban.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to communicate with vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by pedestrians?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to signal emergencies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found near a body of water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide information?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a sports venue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flashing light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public warning siren?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use solar power?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning device related to infrastructure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gas leak alarm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning system for a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a sewage system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the power grid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a railway system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning system for underground infrastructure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a parking meter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a service?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the water supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a public payphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object provide a safety service?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a mechanical component?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical gate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a building's security system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an alarm system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a building's fire suppression system?	Oracle said: No.	
dryer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To dry things.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object use heat to dry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a clothes dryer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
dumbwaiter,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport items between floors.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object powered?	Oracle said: Electric or manual.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of conveyor system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a door?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbwaiter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
earphone,34,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is small and has a shape that can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wearable device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearing aid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headphone?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of earbuds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object over-ear headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object on-ear headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object bone-conduction headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to a device wirelessly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wireless headset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for listening to music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of Bluetooth headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of wired headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a built-in microphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a neckband headphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mono Bluetooth earpiece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for calls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of true wireless earbuds?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary material used in the earpiece?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object a headset used with gaming consoles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of sports headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of noise-canceling headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for professional use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an in-ear monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of clip-on headphones?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for use with a smartphone?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pair of wireless earbuds.	Oracle said: Correct.	
earpiece,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen.	Guesser said: What are the dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: A phone.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to the phone by a wire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the controls used for?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speakerphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Bluetooth headset.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communicating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object small?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to the ear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a Bluetooth earpiece.	Oracle said: Correct.	
eggbeater,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To mix ingredients.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used in cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whisk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cocktail shaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar and pestle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a set of mixing bowls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen scale?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of ingredients are mixed with the object?	Oracle said: I am not an ingredient.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual egg beater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I knew it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
elevator,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or things between different levels of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found inside or outside?	Oracle said: Inside	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ramp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I think I know what the object is. I will guess that the object is an elevator.	Oracle said: Correct	
engine,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide power.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Fuel.	Guesser said: What kind of fuel does the object use?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a generator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ferry,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a car?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ferryboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: Correct.	
film,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To entertain.	Guesser said: What is the object's size or typical dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically interact with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object typically interact with other objects?	Oracle said: It is typically viewed by people.	Guesser said: Is the object two-dimensional or three-dimensional?	Oracle said: Two-dimensional.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drawing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a movie?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie animated or live-action?	Oracle said: Live-action	Guesser said: Is the movie a comedy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the movie a drama?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the movie a feature film?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flamethrower,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To project fire.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a flamethrower?	Oracle said: Correct.	
flashbulb,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce light.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of energy?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a filament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight bulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It has no color.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's use?	Oracle said: To produce a flash of light.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashbulb?	Oracle said: Correct	
flashlight,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are the common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a flashlight.	Oracle said: Correct.	
floodlight,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal glass  and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors  outdoors  or both?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g.  small enough to hold in your hand  larger than a car  etc.)	Oracle said: Larger than a car.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a general shape.	Guesser said: Can the object change the color of the light it emits?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object primarily illuminate a specific area  or does it cast light over a wider area?	Oracle said: A specific area.	Guesser said: Is the object used for advertising or informational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a searchlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stadium light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for security purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a security camera with a built-in light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to illuminate a specific point of interest?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a spotlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beacon or a warning light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object mounted on a pole or structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to illuminate a construction site?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Is the object a construction spotlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a specific type of outdoor activity or industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light emitted from the object stationary or does it move?	Oracle said: Stationary.	Guesser said: Is the object used to light up an entry way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floodlight illuminating an entry way?	Oracle said: Correct.	
fuse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To protect a circuit from overcurrent.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: I am unable to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What are the common shapes the object takes?	Oracle said: Cylindrical rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object contain any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: Correct	
gearshift,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or use?	Oracle said: To change gears.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever of some sort?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the gear shift in a car?	Oracle said: Correct.	
gramophone,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gramophone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
grenade,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause an explosion.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What size is the object relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: Correct.	
handgun,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To protect or harm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hand-held tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger weapon system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a throwing star?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handgun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headlight,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide illumination.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. small  medium  large)	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: Is the object a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object contain a power source  or does it require an external one?	Oracle said: Requires an external one.	Guesser said: Is the object a lantern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color(s) is the light the object emits?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a headlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
headphone,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To listen to audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or an external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to anything else?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object connect to something else?	Oracle said: It can connect wirelessly or with a wire.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by a person?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object something that a person wears?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object headphones?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hearse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport deceased people.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hearse?	Oracle said: Correct	
heater,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide heat.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: indoors	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of fuel does the object use?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a heater?	Oracle said: Correct.	
helicopter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object operates in?	Oracle said: Air.	Guesser said: Is the object a fixed-wing aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary source of propulsion?	Oracle said: Rotors.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hotplate,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To heat things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a domestic setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface for heating?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric heater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric oven?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot plate?	Oracle said: Correct.	
houseboat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide accommodation.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the building a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a house.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the house a single-family home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many stories does the building have?	Oracle said: I am not a building.	Guesser said: Sorry. Does the object have multiple rooms?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for business or residential purposes?	Oracle said: Residential.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-unit dwelling like an apartment building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large  elaborate house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific or common name?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mobile home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tiny house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a duplex?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a townhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mansion?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a log cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cottage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object  relative to a standard house? Is it bigger  smaller  or the same?	Oracle said: Smaller.	Guesser said: Does it have a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does it have a bathroom?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object considered temporary housing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiny home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hunting cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a prefabricated home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does it have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a shed.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a manufactured home?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a small  simple dwelling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an outbuilding  like a guest house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary purpose for accommodation? Is it for long-term or short-term stays?	Oracle said: Long-term.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiny house?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a studio apartment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a dorm room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cabin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a cottage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I am completely stumped. Is the object a type of housing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of house  or a specific building separate from a house?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a structure designed for a single family?	Oracle said: Yes.	
hovercraft,41,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people or objects.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What are the primary materials the object is constructed from?	Oracle said: It is constructed from various materials.	Guesser said: Can the object move on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a source of power to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on roads?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal watercraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an enclosed cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object transport cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move using sails?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on rivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on the ocean?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport oil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large flat deck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a research vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a roll-on/roll-off (ro-ro) ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a catamaran?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to handle rough weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in coastal waters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the transportation of goods between ports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people and their vehicles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hovercraft?	Oracle said: Correct.	
hydrant,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide water.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pump?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fountain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spigot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to collect water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle or lever for manual operation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gutter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cistern?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a water wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape like a cylinder  sphere  or rectangle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a water tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically have a narrow opening?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger irrigation system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storing water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a well?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire hydrant?	Oracle said: Correct.	
incubator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To provide a controlled environment for something.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of glass and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a greenhouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object used in scientific research?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laboratory incubator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
inhaler,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To assist with breathing.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a nebulizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a breathing tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger medical device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a ventilator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an oxygen concentrator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacer for an inhaler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
intercom,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: How is this object typically used to communicate?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: What is the typical form or shape of this object?	Oracle said: It can be various shapes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	Guesser said: Is this object commonly held in a hand during use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically require electricity or other power to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials this object is commonly made from?	Oracle said: Metal plastic.	Guesser said: Is this object related to the internet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object used to create sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of sound does this object produce?	Oracle said: It can produce sound.	Guesser said: Does this object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used to send messages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a telegraph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the sound it makes a warning of some kind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object use keys or buttons?	Oracle said: Buttons.	Guesser said: Is this object a pager?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object receive or send messages using radio waves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a dictaphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object related to an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a doorbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a buzzer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object used in an office for communication between people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a walkie talkie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object a telephone intercom system?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jackhammer,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To break things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used to break up hard surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickaxe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be swung?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size.	Guesser said: Is the object a chisel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blunt edge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a jackhammer?	Oracle said: Correct	
jeep,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically travel on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Land	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine or by another means?	Oracle said: Powered by an engine.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of wheels on the object?	Oracle said: Four.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers  cargo  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical maximum speed of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a enclosed compartment for passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I was wrong before. Is the object an 18-wheeler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sports utility vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a sports utility vehicle.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: Does the object have a bed in the back?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of passengers the object can carry?	Oracle said: It can carry a few passengers.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for personal use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on paved roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple rows of seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a crossover SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large SUV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sedan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a station wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an off-road vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Jeep?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Jet fuel.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: It is typically long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically travel through the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a private jet?	Oracle said: Correct.	
joystick,32,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To control something.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a screwdriver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a valve?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for electrical work?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any kind of input to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of input does the object require?	Oracle said: Physical.	Guesser said: Is the object a door handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lever?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve pressure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in a mechanical process?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger control system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object related to turning something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in an office?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object found in a workshop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a game?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a joystick?	Oracle said: Correct.	
jukebox,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal glass  and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Can the object be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound on its own  or does it require an external device to produce sound?	Oracle said: It produces sound on its own.	Guesser said: Is the object a loudspeaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a synthesizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a music server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jukebox?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keyboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To input text and commands into a computer.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human hand?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the range of motion of the moving parts?	Oracle said: The moving parts have a very small range of motion.	Guesser said: Can the object be used wirelessly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: Correct.	
keypad,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To input information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object (length width  height)?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used with other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of information does the object input?	Oracle said: Numbers and letters.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cash register?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a card reader?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What industry is the object primarily used in?	Oracle said: Security.	Guesser said: Is the object a keypad?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lamp,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to a human? (e.g.  tiny  small  medium  large  gigantic)	Oracle said: Medium	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: Can the object be moved easily?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object used for storage  display  or both?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve electricity or batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lamppost,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any form of fuel or electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the usual source of the fuel or electricity?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the light source a bulb or a different technology?	Oracle said: Bulb	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human? Is it much larger  much smaller  or about the same size?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger structure  like a building or a tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tall outdoor lamp post  perhaps used for illuminating a specific area?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stadium light.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What color is the light emitted from the object?	Oracle said: It emits a yellow light.	Guesser said: Is the object used for any safety or warning purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hazard light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on roads or railways?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a warning light for a train crossing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object illuminate a wide area or a more focused spot?	Oracle said: A more focused spot.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamppost on a road?	Oracle said: Correct.	
landline,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To communicate.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is typically a moderate size.	Guesser said: What materials is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily for personal or professional use?	Oracle said: Personal.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a common household item?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for visual communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for audio communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make calls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a landline phone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
laptop,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keyboard?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: Correct.	
laser,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What materials is it made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: How is the light emitted?	Oracle said: In a coherent beam.	Guesser said: Is it used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in a medical field?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it stationary?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is it used to cut?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used for surgery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a surgical laser?	Oracle said: Correct.	
lightbulb,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: Correct.	
limousine,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to transport?	Oracle said: People.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple levels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: More than four.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger van?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
locomotive,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods or people.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically move on land water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine  or by something else?	Oracle said: By an engine.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a railroad?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport freight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a locomotive?	Oracle said: Correct.	
loudspeaker,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: It is primarily made of wood plastic  and metal.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
matchstick,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To create fire.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the wood treated or processed in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the wood treated or processed?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object used with another object to create fire?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the other object it is used with?	Oracle said: Fire.	Guesser said: Is the object a match?	Oracle said: Correct.	
megaphone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To amplify sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Cone-shaped.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require any power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a megaphone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microchip,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Very small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Silicon.	Guesser said: Is the object a microchip?	Oracle said: Correct.	
microcomputer,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Can you name some of the materials it is made of?	Oracle said: Metal plastic  and silicon.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laptop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desktop computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component inside of a computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a CPU?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object RAM?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a graphics card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motherboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid state drive (SSD)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What specific function does this component perform within the computer?	Oracle said: It processes data and executes instructions.	Guesser said: Is the object a power supply?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an expansion card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object have a fan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a heat sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a chipset?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a small component  such as a capacitor or resistor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a form of storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object connect to?	Oracle said: A monitor.	Guesser said: Is the object a video card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object the port on the computer that connects to the monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a circuit board?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object utilize silicon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a processor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve temporary storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a memory controller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object directly involved in the input and output of the computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a graphics processing unit (GPU)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component on the motherboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object primarily deal with visuals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a component involved in networking?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the data transfer process?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is this object related to the power of the computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a voltage regulator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object handle the flow of electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fuse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a capacitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a resistor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play a role in the physical connection of components?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does this object work with a battery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object responsible for managing the power of the battery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in the charging of a battery?	Oracle said: No.	
minibus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for transporting?	Oracle said: People.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object self-propelled?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on roads?	Oracle said: Yes	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Okay.	Oracle said: Okay.	Guesser said: Great.	Oracle said: Okay.	Guesser said: Goodbye.	Oracle said: Goodbye.Okay.	
minivan,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a car.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of wheels on the object?	Oracle said: Four.	Guesser said: Does the object transport cargo or people?	Oracle said: people	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple rows of seats?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a van?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a van.	Oracle said: Correct.	
missile,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To launch projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be held in the hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is it?	Oracle said: It is not a vehicle.	Guesser said: My apologies I misconstrued your answer. Is the object designed to launch projectiles at long range?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to launch projectiles into the air?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide motion.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object typically contain moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a motor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorbike,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what environments or settings is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: Roads.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require an engine or motor to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by individuals or groups of people?	Oracle said: Individuals	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorboat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is this object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move or remain stationary?	Oracle said: Move	Guesser said: Does the object have any specific markings or features like logos colors  or unusual shapes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To travel on water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a specific type of boat  like a sailboat  motorboat  or rowboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorbus,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: Large.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Okay I guessed it!	Oracle said: Correct.	
motorcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Land.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific route or destination?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical load?	Oracle said: Passengers and cargo.	Guesser said: Is the object a large truck that also carries passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a special license or permit to operate?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily on public roads?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a limousine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tow truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial passenger transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily for transporting cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large  enclosed vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by law enforcement?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a recreational vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinctively long body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a delivery truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fire truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a crane or lifting mechanism?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatbed truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to transport hazardous materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sanitation truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple axles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dump truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport oversized or specialized cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mobile crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerated truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a high ground clearance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for off-road use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a concrete mixer truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a very specialized purpose  beyond standard passenger or cargo transport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a large  open cargo area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a moving truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a cab that is separate from the cargo area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a recognizable shape associated with a specific industry or service?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pickup truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a garbage truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ambulance?	Oracle said: No.	
motorcycle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for transporting?	Oracle said: Transporting.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment of use?	Oracle said: Roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical number of wheels on the object?	Oracle said: Two.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
mower,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cut grass.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by electricity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pushed or ridden?	Oracle said: Pushed.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: Correct.	
musket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: What era was the object primarily used in?	Oracle said: The object was primarily used in the past.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Is the object a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require gunpowder to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
odometer,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure distance.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a scientific or technical setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ruler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a laser distance meter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object measure distances of more than a meter?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use light to measure distance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a surveying instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a machine used in manufacturing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure the distance between two fixed points?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in navigation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a radar system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sonar device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of an aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor used in a car's parking system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the car's speedometer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object the speedometer itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor that helps the speedometer function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to the car's anti-lock braking system (ABS)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the odometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
oscilloscope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: To display electrical signals.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital oscilloscope?	Oracle said: Correct.	
oven,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To cook food.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a grill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger cooking appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What other materials besides metal  is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Is the object an oven?	Oracle said: Correct.	
pager,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To receive messages.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a distinct shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: Correct	
pedometer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To measure steps.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pedometer. Is that correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
penlight,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the light emitted by the object white?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a flashlight.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Can the light emitted by the object change color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the light emitted by the object focused?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a penlight.	Oracle said: Correct.	
phone,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical environment?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a primary color.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone?	Oracle said: Correct	
phonograph,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play recorded sound.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. small enough to hold in one hand  larger than a car  etc.)	Oracle said: Larger than a breadbox.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a home?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of musical instrument is it?	Oracle said: It is not a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To capture and preserve visual information.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be held in one hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scrapbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photocopier,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the range of sizes the object can be?	Oracle said: It can be various sizes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a copier?	Oracle said: Correct.	
photocopy,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To make copies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Paper and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require ink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce multiple copies simultaneously?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. small enough to hold in your hand  larger than a car  etc.)	Oracle said: Small enough to hold in your hand.	Guesser said: Does the object use heat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an office setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermal printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable after use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Can the object produce color copies?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a color label maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scanner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to official documents?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to make multiple copies of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a copier of some kind?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the copier digital?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a mimeograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spirit duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual copy machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a color printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a photo printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a carbon copy machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a typewriter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an embossing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wax stencil duplicator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rubber stamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a manual printing press?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that uses a master copy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an ink pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stamp pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a multi-pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a special type of pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stencil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized form of stationery?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the stationery related to certificates?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stationery related to legal documents?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stationery used for official correspondence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stationery related to creative writing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stationery related to financial transactions?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stationery a notepad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the stationery used in education?	Oracle said: No.	
pistol,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To cause harm.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sharp edge or point?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used to do in more detail?	Oracle said: It is used to shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of firearm is the object?	Oracle said: Pistol.	Guesser said: Is the object a modern pistol?	Oracle said: Correct.	
plane,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of transportation?	Oracle said: Air.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object typically carry passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object? (e.g. small  medium  large)	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: Is the object a military aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo plane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
projector,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To project images or video onto a surface.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: Correct.	
propeller,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To create thrust.	Guesser said: In what environment is the object primarily used?	Oracle said: In water and air.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller?	Oracle said: Correct.	
radar,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To detect objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object could be made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object use electricity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sensor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sensor used in vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it used in industrial settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in medical settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a security sensor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a motion detector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to detect metal objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of object does it detect?	Oracle said: Electromagnetic waves.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
radio,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To receive and play audio broadcasts.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Can this object be easily moved from place to place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Does this object have any buttons or dials for user interaction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.	
railcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object typically travel on land water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal transportation or commercial transportation?	Oracle said: Commercial transportation	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object carry cargo or passengers?	Oracle said: It carries cargo.	Guesser said: Does the object have a very large capacity for cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a semi-truck and trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on roads  or on a dedicated track?	Oracle said: on a dedicated track	Guesser said: Is the object a freight train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a container used for shipping?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport materials in bulk  like coal or ore?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rail car used to transport coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hopper car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have its own engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the transportation of liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport grain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport lumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport automobiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport solid waste?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport any type of construction material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the construction material transported concrete?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the construction material sand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the construction material stone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the construction material gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the construction material ballast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the transportation of aggregate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport steel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the construction material transported a type of brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport rebar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for the transportation of track?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport prefabricated wall sections?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport a specialized construction material?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport raw materials to construction sites?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a crane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object move the construction material directly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the construction material transported?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be durable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be easily loaded and unloaded?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a quarry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a construction site?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object's appearance change over time?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized piece of equipment used in the construction process?	Oracle said: No.	
refrigerator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To store food.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can it be easily moved?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is it found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
respirator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To protect the wearer's respiratory system.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: Does the object cover the mouth and nose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object reusable or disposable?	Oracle said: Reusable.	Guesser said: Does the object have any filters?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have straps or some other way to secure it to the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a respirator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
revolver,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object use an explosive to fire projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's specific type?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cartridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a firearm that holds ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a barrel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a revolver cylinder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rifle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size? (e.g. small enough to hold in one hand  larger than a car  etc.)	Oracle said: It is small enough to hold in one hand.	Guesser said: Does the object require a propellant to shoot projectiles?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of propellant does the object use?	Oracle said: Gunpowder.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a handgun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: Correct.	
robot,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To perform tasks.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: It is typically used for various tasks.	Guesser said: What are some common environments where the object is found?	Oracle said: Factories laboratories  and space.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a robot?	Oracle said: Correct.	
rocket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to travel?	Oracle said: Through the air.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require an engine to travel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: Correct.	
satellite,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To observe.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is not a sphere.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a telescope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose beyond observation?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific location?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: Correct	
seaplane,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To travel.	Guesser said: How does the object travel?	Oracle said: In the air and on the water.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a zeppelin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military aircraft carrier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seaplane?	Oracle said: Correct.	
searchlight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To illuminate.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system of illumination?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a searchlight?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sedan,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or purpose?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport cargo or people?	Oracle said: People.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object typically have?	Oracle said: Four.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Okay  I guess correctly.	Oracle said: Correct.	
seismograph,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To measure and record ground motion.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size and shape?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a laboratory.	Guesser said: What is the object's method of operation or how does it work?	Oracle said: It measures and records ground motion.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: It is primarily constructed from metal and paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a seismograph?	Oracle said: Correct	
sharpener,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function or use?	Oracle said: To sharpen things.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It can be various shapes.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: Correct.	
ship,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object propelled?	Oracle said: By a motor.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object fly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for commercial purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cruise ship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shotgun,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To hunt or for sport.	Guesser said: What is the object's general size and weight?	Oracle said: It is of a medium size and weight.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What specific animals is this object typically used to hunt?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a group or on its own?	Oracle said: On its own	Guesser said: Does the object require any kind of ammunition or other supplies to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: Based on its function materials  and shape  is it a bow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shotgun?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shredder,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To destroy documents.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be easily moved?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a household appliance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shredder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
shuttle,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To transport people or cargo.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of operation?	Oracle said: It flies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for commercial or recreational use?	Oracle said: It is designed for commercial use.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used for domestic or international travel?	Oracle said: International.	Guesser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blimp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a spaceship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a specialized launch or landing facility?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a hot air balloon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object use jet engines?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a military aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a rigid structure?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a helicopter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a very large glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by propellers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct fuselage and wings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a seaplane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cargo airship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tiltrotor aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stratospheric airship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-range glider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a very large specialized airplane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object carry cargo externally?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for a specific type of cargo  such as oversized items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a military application  even if it's not primarily a military aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized type of cargo plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for carrying passengers and some cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry a very large number of passengers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by private companies or individuals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by governments?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a VIP transport aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport military personnel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to carry oversized cargo  like satellites or large machinery?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a training aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized medical transport aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for search and rescue operations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for surveillance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a meteorological research aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object involved in any form of disaster relief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firefighting aircraft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for environmental monitoring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a transport aircraft that is used for a very specific  non-commercial purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	
snowmobile,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found on land in the water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object run on tracks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's main source of power?	Oracle said: Gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport freight as well as people?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trolley?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of vehicle that runs on a road  but not a car or bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific type of train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a construction vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specialized vehicle for a specific industry or activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the entertainment industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the mining industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in the agricultural industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by emergency services?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for public transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people within a defined area  like a resort or amusement park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined route or path?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people in a unique environment or setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a sport or recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a ski slope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a golf course?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on a racetrack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a theme park?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ride at a fair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used on ice?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Zamboni?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting people on ice for a recreational activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowmobile?	Oracle said: Correct.	
snowplow,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To clear snow.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has a variety of shapes.	Guesser said: What are some of the shapes the object has?	Oracle said: Rectangular and flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Larger.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: It uses electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowblower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to clear snow?	Oracle said: It pushes snow.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowplow?	Oracle said: Correct.	
spacecraft,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To travel in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size or scale?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically manned or unmanned?	Oracle said: Manned and unmanned.	Guesser said: Is the object designed for scientific research commercial purposes  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the object a spacecraft  a space station  or something else?	Oracle said: Correct.	
speedboat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fiberglass.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a commercial fishing vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the boat?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a speedboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
speedometer,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is of a moderate size.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a laboratory setting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure weight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure length or distance?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a measuring tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used outdoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used in construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in surveying?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure the height of something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object measure the speed of something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
sprinkler,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To distribute water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pipe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of moving parts does the object have?	Oracle said: It has moving parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a sprinkler?	Oracle said: Correct.	
steamboat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is much larger.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: Does the object float?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed correctly!	Oracle said: Correct.	
steamship,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of this object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Is the object generally used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size relative to a human?	Oracle said: Much larger.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a commercial ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a cargo ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a tanker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the commercial ship?	Oracle said: To transport goods or passengers.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship used for transporting passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship used to transport cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship used to transport vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship used to transport people on tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a research vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship a sailing yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship have a flat top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship primarily used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship transport large amounts of liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the commercial ship used for moving containers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship primarily for the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a passenger ship that travels between countries?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship a large ocean liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship used to move people between islands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship a hydrofoil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a catamaran?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship have multiple decks for passengers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship relatively fast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a smaller passenger ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a car ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship used for long voyages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a freighter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a passenger ship that transports people between countries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a research vessel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship carry any vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship used to transport people on tours?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a sailing yacht?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a tall ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a cargo ship with passenger accommodations?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship have a large cargo capacity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the ship have a very long range?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the ship a large passenger ship designed for long voyages  connecting multiple islands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the ship a high-speed craft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is it a yacht?	Oracle said: No.	
stereo,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a synthesizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a record player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger musical system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a home theater system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a drum kit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio workstation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a subwoofer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mixer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound itself?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object connect to?	Oracle said: Speakers.	Guesser said: Is the object a preamplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an audio interface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set top box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of signal does the object receive?	Oracle said: Radio waves.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio tuner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a smart TV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a media player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any buttons or controls on it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a karaoke machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a display?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Blu-ray player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a CD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object play audio and video?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tuner?	Oracle said: No.	
stopwatch,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or any external power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn or held?	Oracle said: Held.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate age?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object display the time digitally or with hands?	Oracle said: With hands.	Guesser said: Is the object specifically designed to be placed on a surface or is it handheld?	Oracle said: Handheld.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a sundial. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the sun?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about the object's relationship to the sun.	Guesser said: Is the object exposed to sunlight?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have any markings to indicate the time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pocket watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a stopwatch. Am I correct?	Oracle said: Correct.	
streetcar,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of operation?	Oracle said: It moves.	Guesser said: Does the object operate on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: on land	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Electric.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical passenger capacity?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object operate on a defined route?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tram?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical speed of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Does the object have a driver?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in a city environment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on tracks?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a light rail vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical range of passengers the object can carry?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is the object a streetcar?	Oracle said: Correct.	
streetlight,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lightbulb?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fluorescent light tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamp?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the lamp a standing lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lamp a desk lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lamp a flashlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lamp a car headlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the lamp a street light?	Oracle said: Correct.	
submarine,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: To travel underwater.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any windows or viewing ports?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
supertanker,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: Very large.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a cargo ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cargo ship.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What specific type of goods does the ship primarily transport?	Oracle said: Oil.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an oil tanker.	Oracle said: Correct.	
taillight,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To emit light.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: It uses electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object commonly made from?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: It is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be viewed by humans?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: To signal other drivers.	Guesser said: Is the object a traffic light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a car headlight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a street light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a brake light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the light that it emits?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: Is the object a stop sign?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tail light?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tank,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To provide firepower and protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tanker,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size range (e.g. small  medium  large)?	Oracle said: Large	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have a specific shape or is it more free-form?	Oracle said: Has a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a long cylinder.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Is the object stationary or does it move?	Oracle said: It moves.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be carried or does it move under its own power?	Oracle said: It moves under its own power.	Guesser said: Is this object a type of vehicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object float on water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tanker ship?	Oracle said: Correct.	
taxi,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical mode of operation?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object typically operate on land water  air  or in space?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or capacity?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical source of power?	Oracle said: It can use gasoline.	Guesser said: Is the object a personal vehicle  or is it typically used for public transport?	Oracle said: It is typically used for public transport.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus or a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a taxi or a subway train?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telegraph,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any sort of screen or display?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the sound produced?	Oracle said: It clicks.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mechanical counter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clicker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handheld device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object attach to anything?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the object attach to?	Oracle said: Wires.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a switch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a typewriter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a telegraph machine?	Oracle said: Correct.	
telephone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or use of the object?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily used for in the process of communication?	Oracle said: Communication.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly held in a person's hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transmit or receive sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: Correct.	
television,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To display visual and auditory content.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of this object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can this object be held in one hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Plastic glass  and metal.	Guesser said: Does this object typically require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does this object have a screen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is this object a television?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermometer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure something.	Guesser said: What is it used to measure?	Oracle said: Temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a specific shape or design?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
thermostat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To control temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has various shapes.	Guesser said: What is the object's state of matter?	Oracle said: Solid.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
timer,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To measure time.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be worn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries or any other form of power to function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sundial?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It depends.	Guesser said: What is the general environment the object is found in?	Oracle said: It can be found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a timer?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tractor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To perform work typically in agriculture or construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: Correct.	
train,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Land	Guesser said: Is the object a building or a vehicle?	Oracle said: A vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle used primarily for personal use  or commercial/public use?	Oracle said: Commercial/public use	Guesser said: Is the vehicle powered by a motor or engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it used to transport passengers or cargo?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the vehicle a train?	Oracle said: Correct.	
transponder,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To transmit information.	Guesser said: What are some of the ways the object transmits information?	Oracle said: Radio waves.	Guesser said: What is the object's size or typical dimensions?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has no specific shape.	Guesser said: Is this object a single self-contained unit  or is it part of a larger system?	Oracle said: It is a single  self-contained unit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the primary materials used in its construction?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Can this object be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the general environment or location where this object is typically found?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: Is this object a weather instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a satellite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio transmitter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cell phone tower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of military technology?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a larger  complex system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of an aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of the communication system of the aircraft?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a transponder?	Oracle said: Correct.	
treadmill,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To provide exercise.	Guesser said: In what environment is this object typically used?	Oracle said: Indoor.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or dimensions?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What are the typical materials the object is constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object often used by a single person or multiple people simultaneously?	Oracle said: A single person.	Guesser said: Does the object typically involve movement or have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a machine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
trolley,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a color.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Does the object move on rails?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mine cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport people?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a subway car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object pulled by an engine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object typically have?	Oracle said: Typically has four wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a handcar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a freight car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily in a yard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport coal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gondola car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have doors that open from the side?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hopper car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport liquids?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flatcar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tank car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of goods does the object transport?	Oracle said: Goods.	Guesser said: Does the object transport containers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in a specific industry?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What industry is the object used in?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Does the object transport mail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting lumber?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting gravel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transporting ore?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport hazardous materials?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used in agriculture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be loaded and unloaded from the top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be loaded and unloaded from the bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be loaded and unloaded from the end?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a boxcar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport automobiles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stock car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object transport food products?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by the military?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to transport parts for other objects?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a well car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport oversized items?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object transport finished goods?	Oracle said: Yes.	
truck,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size or scale?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily constructed from?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: Correct.	
tugboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To move other objects.	Guesser said: How does the object move other objects?	Oracle said: It pulls or pushes other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used indoors or outdoors?	Oracle said: Outdoors	Guesser said: Does the object typically move objects on land water  or air?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat powered by an engine?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tugboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
vibrator,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To provide pleasure.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions or size of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: In what context is the object typically used or found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic metal  and silicone.	Guesser said: Does the object require electricity to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a sex toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What specific type of sex toy is it?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Is it designed for external or internal use?	Oracle said: External or internal.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a vibrator?	Oracle said: Correct.	
videocassette,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To record and play video and audio.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a larger system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger system the object is a component of?	Oracle said: Entertainment system.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical shape?	Oracle said: Rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set top box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the inputs the object receives?	Oracle said: It receives video and audio.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a media streamer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VCR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a receiver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound bar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary output of the object?	Oracle said: Video.	Guesser said: Is the object a Blu-Ray player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital video recorder (DVR)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an antenna?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object output audio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound amplifier?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary interface?	Oracle said: Magnetic tape.	Guesser said: Is the object a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape deck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a reel-to-reel tape player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solid state drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio tape (DAT) recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a memory card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital audio player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a component of a cassette player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a blank video tape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an SD card?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microcassette?	Oracle said: No.	
videotape,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To record and play back video and audio.	Guesser said: What are the typical dimensions (size and shape) of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: It is approximately 7 inches wide 4 inches tall  and 1 inch thick.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object portable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object connected to a television or computer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a DVD player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VCR?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set-top box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a streaming device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sound recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require the use of a disc?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object connect to a computer via a cable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or a keypad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object use a remote control?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object receive a signal wirelessly?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video projector?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tape player?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What types of video or audio does it record and play back?	Oracle said: Video.	Guesser said: Does the object have any storage capacity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary input?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital video recorder (DVR)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any physical connection to the television?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of connection does the object use to connect to the television?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Does the object have any other functions besides recording and playing back video?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video game console?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a closed-circuit television (CCTV) monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a media server?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a device for storing video?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the video stored on an internal hard drive?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the video stored on flash memory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the video stored on a magnetic tape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a video cassette recorder (VCR)?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the video recorded onto a tape inside the object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a video camera with playback capabilities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stand-alone tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS-C camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a miniDV camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a VHS camcorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a digital tape recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a BetaMax recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an 8mm video recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What format of video does it use?	Oracle said: Not applicable.	Guesser said: Is the object a professional video recorder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the name of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have any ports?	Oracle said: No.	
warplane,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It has wings.	Guesser said: Does the object have any means of propulsion?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sword?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require a pilot or crew?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a plane?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is it a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fighter jet.	Oracle said: Correct.	
warship,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To engage in combat.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: What materials is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a blade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a firearm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object require ammunition?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of ammunition does the object use?	Oracle said: The Guesser did not ask about ammunition.	Guesser said: What type of ammunition does the weapon use?	Oracle said: I am not a weapon.	Guesser said: My apologies. What type of ammunition does the *object* use?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It has a long shape.	Guesser said: Is the object designed to be thrown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger system or mechanism?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the larger system or mechanism it is a part of?	Oracle said: A navy.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torpedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of the ship's defense system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a depth charge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object radar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a submarine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torpedo tube?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a life raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a periscope?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gun turret?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object sonar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a propeller?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mast?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an anchor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a search light?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a radar dome?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rudder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a torpedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile launcher?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a weapon designed to target other ships?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guided missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object propel itself?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a naval mine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a warhead?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long-range weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a short-range weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a medium-range weapon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a projectile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel underwater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object travel above water?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object launch from a tube?	Oracle said: No.	
webcam,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of this object?	Oracle said: To capture images or video.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to a human?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What materials is this object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and glass.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require a power source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camera?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the camera a smartphone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera a digital camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera a film camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera part of another device?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the camera part of a drone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera part of a security system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera part of a wearable device?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera part of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What kind of device is this camera part of?	Oracle said: It is not part of another device.	Guesser said: Does the camera have a screen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the camera use a viewfinder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera a pinhole camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera used for surveillance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the camera have a flash?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera a disposable camera?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera a specialized camera for a specific field such as astronomy or microscopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the camera a webcam?	Oracle said: Correct.	
whaleboat,43,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment the object is used in?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: What is the object's source of power?	Oracle said: Human.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What kind of boat is it?	Oracle said: I am not a boat.	Guesser said: My apologies. What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: To transport people.	Guesser said: Is the object a raft?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a sail?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have oars?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a canoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a rowboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary color of the object?	Oracle said: I am not able to answer that question.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a defined hull shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a barge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object primarily used on rivers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for fishing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fishing boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a long narrow boat used by fishermen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a dory?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skiff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sampan?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a longboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat bottom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a whaling boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a pointed bow and stern?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yawl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gig?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shallop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pinnace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a clinker-built boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Whitehall boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Thames skiff?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a punt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an Irish Currach?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a keel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a whaleboat?	Oracle said: Correct.	
windmill,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: To generate power.	Guesser said: What is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies.	Guesser said: Can the object be found inside a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used in an outdoor setting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found near water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool used for construction or industry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind turbine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a solar panel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a power generator used at a remote location?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object generate power by burning fuel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object part of a larger machine or system that generates power?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of power does the object generate? (e.g. electricity  mechanical)	Oracle said: Mechanical.	Guesser said: Is the object a water wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object involve magnets or coils?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What external force provides the mechanical power for this object?	Oracle said: Wind.	Guesser said: Is the object a windmill?	Oracle said: Correct.	
woofer,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: To produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It does not have a specific shape.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal paper  and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object require any external power source to function?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically handheld?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the sound produced electronically?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a speaker?	Oracle said: Correct.	
yacht,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the primary function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What materials is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used by one person or multiple people?	Oracle said: Multiple people.	Guesser said: Is the object used on land in water  or in the air?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a boat.	Oracle said: Incorrect.	Guesser said: What is the primary source of propulsion for the boat?	Oracle said: It has an engine.	Guesser said: Does the boat have a cabin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for recreational purposes  commercial purposes  or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: Is the boat a ferry?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for transporting passengers or cargo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for fishing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a cruise ship?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for scientific research?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a tugboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for military purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for transporting vehicles?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for emergency services?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat used for a specific type of commercial activity  like offshore construction or exploration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the boat a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.	